T-Rex: I've decided that despite the commercialism of the season, I will still be giving out presents to all my friends!
T-Rex: However, I will achieve this by sneaking into their houses and leaving the presents there!
Narrator: SHORTLY...
T-Rex: Dromiceiomimus, I think you should examine your house carefully tomorrow morning!
Dromiceiomimus: Why's that?
T-Rex: I have a hunch you might find some surprises there, is all!
Utahraptor: We'll still know it's you who put the presents there, T-Rex!
T-Rex: True!
Utahraptor: So, if it's not the anonymity you want, why are you going to all the trouble to sneak into our houses?
T-Rex: It's no trouble!
T-Rex: I just like the excitement of giving people presents!
T-Rex (punchline): It makes me feel kind of sexy, you know?


T-Rex: Utahraptor is afraid of ghosts!
T-Rex: Hah hah hah! Spoooooky!
T-Rex: Utahraptor is afraid of ghosts and his favourite song is "The Gambler" by Kenny Rogers.
Dromiceiomimus: I never knew that about him!
T-Rex: It's true! He also bakes way too many cookies whenever he's baking treats and then when he's done he freezes the extras for later.
Utahraptor: I don't do any of those things!
T-Rex: Sure you do!
T-Rex: But allow me to distract you with some facts about Dromiceiomimus: she really likes all kinds of boats. AND, and, she's afraid of heights sometimes!
Utahraptor: Hah hah! Really?
T-Rex: Yep!
God: ZERO OF THESE FACTS ARE TRUE T-REX
T-Rex: I am making life interesting! Also, did you know the Devil likes grape juice from concentrate?
God: HAH HAH
God (punchline): MAN HE PROBABLY DOES EH


Narrator: T-REX HAS A BELLY ACHE
T-Rex: And it's ridiculous! 3.8 BILLION YEARS of evolution and my belly still has problems if I eat ALL the chicken wings? That might be baloney sandwiches!
T-Rex: That's probably a 100% baloney sandwich buffet!!
T-Rex: 3.8 billion years ago evolution was all, "I got this". And then it whips out simple cells and multicellular life and friggin' PHOTOSYNTHESIS, and then tasty treats in the water and air and land, and plants and fish and reptiles and mammals and birds and flowers and finally us: FULLY SENTIENT LADIES and DUDES. And then, THEN, evolution says "Phew, I'm plumb tuckered out!"
T-Rex: FINISH THE JOB
Utahraptor: Hey, maybe you should just eat within your capacity!
T-Rex: PLEASE.
T-Rex: You know what that is? That is making CONCESSIONS for a FLAWED PRODUCT. I would be perfect if only I could eat more chicken wings; I'm so close I can taste it.
T-Rex: It -
T-Rex: It tastes like chicken wings from last night
God: I WARNED IF YOU ATE ANY MORE WINGS THEN 199 THINGS WOULD GO WRONG IN THE BATHROOM
T-Rex: You said one thing would go wrong in 199 different ways!
God: T-REX AT THIS POINT FOR YOUR BATHROOM
God (punchline): THE DISTINCTION IS LARGELY ACADEMIC


T-Rex: I love punch! I love drinking delicious punch, PROBABLY because of how it's so delicious.
T-Rex: Hooray for punch!
Dromiceiomimus: Are you mentioning punch because the party tonight is so liable to feature punch, T-Rex?
T-Rex: QUITE LIKELY! I don't know why I'm suddenly so into what is essentially juice mixed with maybe pop or alcohol, served in a fancy bowl with spoons, but I'm running with it.
Dromiceiomimus: Well I guess I'll see you there tonight, punch in hand!
T-Rex: Oh God yes.
Narrator: AT THE PARTY:
T-Rex: Man, this party even has a stomping room! I'm totally going to get some punch soon.
Utahraptor: Okay, T-Rex!
Utahraptor: All you're doing is talking about delicious punch! Why not just go get some?
T-Rex: Dude, I'm gonna! I'm gonna go and get in line for some punch RIGHT NOW!
Utahraptor: Okay then!
Narrator: SOON!
T-Rex: Is this the punch line?
Off panel: This is the line for the bathroom!
T-Rex (punchline): So - you're saying there IS no punch line?


T-Rex: It snowed last night. The first snow of the year!
T-Rex: It's sincerely excellent!
T-Rex: I'm sure in a few months I will be bored with the snow, but right now it is exciting and magical and makes everything look pretty!
Dromiceiomimus: Yes! It is unfortunate that the cabin you're stepping on has such poor insulation, as to cause all the snow to melt from the roof!
T-Rex: Indeed! Also, this car appears to be recently driven, causing the snow on it to blow away.
Utahraptor: It has been unseasonably warm SINCE the snow, as well!
T-Rex: This is true!
T-Rex: That explains why we're all not wearing snowsuits, and it's too bad, because we'd look adorable. Can you imagine?
Utahraptor: You'd have little mittens attached with yarn through the sleeves so you don't lose them!
T-Rex: Aww. I'd be a cutie!
T-Rex (punchline): Yes, today truly has been a day of frustrated expectations!


Narrator: WHAT'S YOUR FAVOURITE PART OF BEING ALIVE?
T-Rex: My favorite part is the food!
T-Rex: AND ALSO THE KISSING
Dromiceiomimus: Mine's solving puzzles: that moment of insight when everything seems possible. I love it!
T-Rex: Hmm, yes, that's definitely something I too regularly experience, as a fellow smart person.
T-Rex: It's truly, uh...
T-Rex: ...good.
T-Rex: [small] and cool
Utahraptor: I like the senses!
T-Rex: All of them? Even the duds?
Utahraptor: Yep!
Utahraptor: You put something in front of me and I can see it, touch it, TASTE it, smell it - I'm like this walking talking chemical testing facility, only instead of experiencing information as NUMBERS and DATA, I experience it innately, as colour and sound and taste and everything else. It's kinda bonkers.
God: MINE'S THE EXTRA SPIDER-BASED SENSES I GAVE MYSELF, LIKE THE TINGLING SENSATION I GET WHENEVER DANGER IS NEARBY
T-Rex: Oh my god
God: YES
God (punchline): SPEAKING


Narrator: RECIPE COMICS
Narrator: today's recipe:
Narrator: CHICK PEAS IN COCONUT MILK
Narrator: CUT AND SAVE!
T-Rex: Tonight is a good night I think for having Chick Peas in Coconut Milk for dinner!
T-Rex: I believe I will combine in a saucepan 2 cups of canned chick-peas, drained; 1 tomato, chopped; 4 whole cloves; 2-3 cloves of garlic, minced; and 1 1/2 cups coconut milk!
Dromiceiomimus: But aren't you forgetting about 1 1/2 teaspoons of turmeric and about a half a teaspoon of salt?
T-Rex: Indeed I am! The turmeric gives the dish its distinctive yellow colour.
Utahraptor: Then you bring it all to a boil, reduce heat and let it simmer for 20 minutes!
T-Rex: How did you know?
Utahraptor: I make this dish all the time! It's great when served over rice, and feeds 2-3 people!
T-Rex: It does indeed, old friend!
Utahraptor: Any final comments, T-Rex?
T-Rex (punchline): Only that if you want the food to be less watery, let it simmer longer - for up to 30 minutes!


T-Rex: Let us start with the assumption that not all people are duds!
Narrator: HOW TO MAKE FRIENDS
T-Rex: It sure would be nice to hang out with those non-duds, huh? It seems to me the easiest way to make this happen is to go where they go. Like, for example, if non-duds like to hang out in giant rooms where every surface is covered in momentum increasing trampolines - which honestly seems PRETTY LIKELY - then that's where you should chill!
T-Rex: Okay, enjoy the new friends, thank me later!
Utahraptor: Momentum-increasing trampolines?
T-Rex: Could anything be more fun?? THE ANSWER: no.
Utahraptor: But you'd eventually end up smeared into a red mist!
T-Rex: There's safeties built in! Once you approach red mist territory, the room's trampolines become merely momentum MAINTAINING.
Utahraptor: Alright, I'm in. This sounds awesome!
Narrator: IT TURNS OUT SUCH ROOMS DO NOT EXIST:
T-Rex: How is it possible that I imagine momentum-increasing trampoline rooms IN SUCH AMAZING DETAIL if they don't actually exist??
T-Rex: How -
T-Rex (punchline): How is this a just universe


T-Rex: Why do we celebrate New Year's Day on January 1st? Isn't choosing any point in the year entirely arbitrary?
T-Rex: Why would we, as rational adults, celebrate something arbitrary??
Dromiceiomimus: The same could be said of birthdays, T-Rex! Sure, they're the day you're born, but you're not really YOU yet. And even if you did appear as a fully-fledged adult, it's still arbitrary, as a C-section could've made it some other day!
T-Rex: A C-section?
Dromiceiomimus: Crack section. Where you crack a section of the egg to let the baby out sooner.
T-Rex: OF COURSE
T-Rex: So are all anniversaries arbitrary?
Utahraptor: Pretty much!
Utahraptor: Even romantic anniversaries are just the day you met or first dated or married or whatever. Your relationship now is obviously more evolved than it was then! All we're really celebrating is the FUTURE, using some event in the past whose chain of causality led us to today.
T-Rex: So when we say "happy new year" we're actually saying "here's hoping all the ultracrap we went through this year will somehow lead to a better, less terrible tomorrow?"
Off panel: Yep!
T-Rex: OH MAN
T-Rex (punchline): HAPPY NEW YEAR


Narrator: JANUARY:
T-Rex: Ah, the start of a brand new year. There's so much potential! What could possibly go wrong?
Narrator: FEBRUARY:
T-Rex: Stood up on Valentine's day?
Narrator: MARCH:
T-Rex: Stood up on ST. PATRICK'S DAY?!
Dromiceiomimus: Aww, T-Rex, we can still hang out and drink green beer!
T-Rex: Thanks, Dromiceiomimus. But man, who stands someone up on St. Patrick's day? BESIDES MY DATE, THAT IS!!
Narrator: MAY:
T-Rex: I CAN'T BELIEVE I WAS STOOD UP AGAIN, TODAY, ON CINCO DE MAYO.
Utahraptor: Aww, T-Rex! It'll be okay!
Narrator: SEPTEMBER:
T-Rex: Remember my St. Patrick's Day date? The woman who stood me up?
Utahraptor: Yep!
T-Rex: TODAY IS LABOUR DAY (LABOR DAY IN THE UNITED STATES) AND SHE HAS STOOD ME UP AGAIN.
Narrator: DECEMBER:
T-Rex (punchline): You know, besides being stood up all the time, it wasn't actually that bad a year!


T-Rex: One day, Timmy the human fell in love with Sally, who was also a human. Two humans decided they liked each other. OOH, WHAT A SURPRISE.
T-Rex: But later Timmy dumped Sally, and Sally was really sad!
T-Rex: "If only," Sally said, "if only I could find someone like Timmy, but less capricious. And perhaps with either more or less mammalian body hair, whichever one it is that I find most attractive. But as my fellow humans have not invented technologies to alter people's bodies and personalities to my specifications," she sighed, "I am out of luck."
Dromiceiomimus: Aww!
T-Rex: "It seems unhappiness is to be my most reliable chaperone," she said, sighing again.
Utahraptor: Awwww!!
T-Rex: Then she realized: overpopulation! With over seven billion humans on her planet all at once and only so many ways to be, there had to be an approximation of Timmy out there with her preferred changes implemented. So she travelled the world to find him!
Utahraptor: And did she?
T-Rex: Nope!
T-Rex: It was a sorting problem with way too many results to go through. Instead she fell for someone else, which was fine. It was all fine. There were many people out there she could be happy with, and a lot of it came down to chance.
T-Rex (punchline): THIS CONCLUDES RATIONAL LOVE THEATRE, THANKS FOR COMING


T-Rex: Primitivism is the artistic and cultural idea that prehistorical and tribal societies were, and are, better than modern societies.
T-Rex: Okay guys! Whatever!
T-Rex: The trouble I have with primitivism is the half-assed way it's always evoked: it's this simplified idea of "primitive" cultures, where some things get highlighted while a lot of detail gets ignored or obliterated completely. All the women were totally topless and all the men wore body paint and hunted with spears! Life was good in the forest!
T-Rex: Primitivism has this strange semi-positive racism attached to it too.
Utahraptor: Semi-positive?
T-Rex: Yeah! You exaggerate traits as you often do with racism, but you make them positive things instead of negative. Natives were better because they were all stoic and noble and loved Mother Nature. Okay, great, but what if you're native and you're not like that?
Utahraptor: Comedy ensues!
Off panel: Whoah, did I say "comedy"? I meant to say "an encounter with prejudice about model minorities".
T-Rex (punchline): Man, you're always screwing those two up!!


T-Rex: Oh yes, I have an idea for the Best Victimless Prank Ever! Plus it'll give a cashier a good story to tell. Dromiceiomimus, you've got to help me on this one!
T-Rex: Dromiceiomimus?
T-Rex: Dromiceiomimus, there you are!
Dromiceiomimus: Here I am!
T-Rex: Dromiceiomimus, I need your help with a prank. The prank is, we all get some really fake stick-on moustaches even though we're all of age, THEN we put them on and go into a convenience store and we all buy ADULT PORNOGRAPHIC MAGAZINES!! Hee hee!
Narrator: SOON!
Utahraptor: Hey, can I get in on this prank too?
T-Rex: Sure can!!
Utahraptor: SWEET. I'll come in wearing a moustache after you guys leave, but I'll just buy some milk! That way, the guy at the cash'll be expecting me to hilariously buy some pornos, but no, I'll just buy the milk. Maybe some cheese.
T-Rex: Let's do it!
Narrator: LATER: A MOMENT OF REFLECTION.
T-Rex (punchline): Buying this magazine made me feel dirty and ashamed! Have I once again thoughtlessly aided the exploitation of our nation's topless lesbian teens?


T-Rex: Robyn was visiting Transylvania when she was invited to spend the night in an isolated castle with a mysterious count. If you guessed the count's name was "Dracula", then guess what?
T-Rex: YOU GUESSED CORRECTLY AND HAVE AT LEAST A PASSING KNOWLEDGE OF VAMPIRE LORE!
T-Rex: Robyn laid down in bed, her neck - full of blood, as always! - completely exposed, when Dracula flew into her room as a bat and transformed into a guy. "I vant to suck your blood", said Dracula. "How did you transform from dude into bat and back again?" said Robyn. "Where is that mass going?" Dracula explained it was vampire powers, that he didn't understand how they worked but it was super easy for him, effortless really.
Utahraptor: And then he tried to bite Robyn?
T-Rex: Not hardly!
T-Rex: Instead, Robyn showed him how turning into a bat and back again in an enclosed container would produce sudden changes in air pressure that - much like an internal combustion engine - could be used to generate electricity. And that would allow him to PURCHASE blood, instead of MURDERING PEOPLE to get it.
T-Rex: Dracula transformed back and forth while watching TV, and the energy powered the town, while also paying for more blood than he could ever want. THE END.
Off panel: I love Robyn.
T-Rex (punchline): I love her too, and she's my original character! IS TODAY THE DAY I TRULY LOVE... MYSELF??


T-Rex: I am getting old! WHICH IS FINE, except I'm starting to worry that all I do is young guy stuff and not mature adult stuff, like having a mortgage, or owning more than one pair of nice pants.
Narrator: T-REX COMICS
T-Rex: I'm a little surprised by my own feelings! I've always been a guy to be fully behind doing what you want and SCREW SOCIETY, but I guess there's a part of me that's whispering "come on get a real job and a mortgage and live a real life it'll be raaaad". Maybe it's societal conditioning, but it's there! I guess I either need to change my life OR my opinions, or accept that little bit of discomfort for as long as I live.
Utahraptor: Discomfort?
T-Rex: Yes! With my LIFE.
Utahraptor: Hah! You're finally not sure if your days of INSATIABLY COMPELLING HEDONISM are all you want?
T-Rex: Maybe! I guess I look at people with real responsibility and wonder if maybe it'd be nice, and if I'm being - left behind? I don't know. I never wanted to be Canonically Adult before!
Narrator: WHATEVER, T-REX! HERE'S ANOTHER TIME YOU WANTED TO BE CANONICALLY ADULT:
Narrator (punchline): YOU DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING BUT WE COULD ALL TELL YOU WERE THINKING IT


T-Rex: "Bicurious"!
T-Rex: Hee hee!
T-Rex: I can't get enough!
T-Rex: The sad thing is that the word is rarely used sincerely anymore - the only place you see it is in those sleazy newspapers with back-page advertisements for "bicurious teens!". Bicurious teens don't need to advertise!
Dromiceiomimus: Yeah, or like, "single bicurious lesbians".
T-Rex: Holy shit! Single bicurious lesbians!!
Utahraptor: Damn it T-Rex, you're obsessed! You want your "bicuriosity" satisfied?! We'll satisfy it right now!
T-Rex: [small] oh hey utahr-
T-Rex: Wh-
T-Rex: Did you just squeeze my bum?
Utahraptor: There! It's done! Now you can stop talking about your damn bicuriosity: it's satisfied!
T-Rex: "Bicuriosity: satisfied"? More like, "Bicuriosity: disappointed by a fumbling and frankly clumsy grope!"
T-Rex: That's right, my friend!
T-Rex (punchline): CLUMSY


T-Rex: Angola Maldives, my cool superspy character, found himself staring down his worst enemy: Brussels Samoa! And guess what?
T-Rex: THESE two guys hated each other due to their fundamentally differing ideologies!
T-Rex: "I wonder if we can ever find a common ground," Angola mused, pointing his gun at Brussels. "Unlikely," Brussels replied, pointing his own gun at Angola, "as it's been my observation that people tend to calcify into their beliefs as they get older." "There are exceptions though," Angola said as he cocked his gun. Brussels nodded. "There are always" - here he cocked his gun too - "exceptions."
Utahraptor: For a long moment, only the snow at Everest's top moved between them.
T-Rex: Yes! YES.
T-Rex: "I can stay up here longer than you can," Brussels smirked. "We're in the death zone, above the line where there's enough oxygen in the air to sustain us. I've got my top secret Everest base to return to. But you... you've only got the oxygen you're carrying, Angola."
T-Rex (punchline): As he made his way down Everest, Angola was sad that he lost his target but glad that he got to learn more about mountaineering.


T-Rex: I would like to date someone! Someone female! And also someone... perfect??
Narrator: THE PERFECT WOMAN
T-Rex: Okay so she's got sexy hot bones and kickin' lungs, OBVIOUSLY. But she's also got skills!
Dromiceiomimus: What sort of skills?
T-Rex: Oh, gosh, so many! She's great at science, makeouts, hijinks, heists... the works! You know, all the basics they teach you in Perfect Woman Finishing School.
Utahraptor: So, what does she do?
T-Rex: Whatever she wants! She's good at everything!
T-Rex: It's almost like she's got - godlike powers? Because she does! No, better: she IS a god, an elder god, and she dwells in space and she's a sinuous inky darkness, NO: a creeping madness! And when she extrudes into our dimension she devours -
Utahraptor: T-Rex, you seem to have... lost the plot?
T-Rex: UTAHRAPTOR, I am exploring my own sexual interests here, so um thanks for understanding?? Anyway now she's a polypous creature in a crown of weeping faces, gnashing teeth surrounding a single titanic eye at her core, all dressed in a barely-there red bikini.
T-Rex (punchline): SO HOTT


T-Rex: Yep, it certainly is the weekend! Today is a day for MAXING and/or RELAXING.
God: IT'S ACTUALLY FRIDAY
T-Rex: FRIIIIIIII-
Narrator: ONE WEEK LATER:
T-Rex: What are your plans for the weekend, Dromiceiomimus? Because you'd better get started on them! Today IS Saturday, after all.
Dromiceiomimus: It's actually Friday, T-Rex.
T-Rex: NOT AGAIIIIIIIIII-
Narrator: ONE WEEK LATER:
T-Rex: Saturday: It's Right Now!
Utahraptor: It's actually Friday!
T-Rex: THAT'S...
T-Rex: THAT'S THE THIRD TIME IN A ROW THIS HAS OCCURREEEEEEEEEE-
Narrator: ONE WEEK LATER:
T-Rex: Hey God, is today Friday?
God: YEP
T-Rex: Nice! Okay, fine, I'll say it. Sometimes...
T-Rex (punchline): SOMETIMES you're a kind of handy guy to have around.


T-Rex: Today is the day I find I'm no longer immersed in popular culture. I used to be SUBMERGED in it, but now I'm not even in the lake! I'm on the shore, dripping wet, furrowing my brow and pointing at the lake in confusion.
T-Rex: Today is the day I realize saying something "rocks" is actually really weird!
T-Rex: It's like a switch went off in my head. This radio station was all bragging on itself, saying "Kewl 105: WE ROCK!" and my first thought was, "Like a moored boat? Is it cool now to sway back and forth, like a boat tied to a dock by a length of rope?"
Dromiceiomimus: You're taking it literally?
T-Rex: That's the thing! My FIRST INSTINCT was to take it literally. I had to remind myself what they really meant.
T-Rex: Then I thought of "rock concerts" and it seemed silly! But "punk rock" seemed ADORABLE.
Utahraptor: You just need to ROCK MORE!
T-Rex: I know you're trying Utahraptor, but it sounds to me like you're saying I should pitch dangerously to one side a little more often. It's too late for me. Tell them my story.
Utahraptor: Goodbye, T-Rex. We had a good run, didn't we?
T-Rex: We did. By God, we did.
T-Rex: Hey, when I decide that "cool" can only mean that something's chilly, you'll still shoot me with the kryptonite bullet, right?
Off panel: No worries!
T-Rex: Awesome!
T-Rex (punchline): Awesome.


T-Rex: I went through a document of 100 million English words and counted each of them. You'll never guess what the most-often-used verb form in the English language is!
T-Rex: It's "is"!
T-Rex: The second-most-often used is "was", then "be" and "are" and "have" and "had".
Dromiceiomimus: These are all pretty boring words, T-Rex. Most are just forms of the same verb!
T-Rex: This is not my fault! People just talk about being and having a lot. What we need to do is spice up our conversations with more interesting verbs!
Utahraptor: Hey, let's start doing this right now!
T-Rex: YES. Motion passes!
Utahraptor: Okay! So, um... let's- fletcherize?
T-Rex: Dude, that's not a conversation! That's just using a Victorian-era verb (which means to chew one's food thoroughly) without any context!
Utahraptor: Well - I was asking if you wanted to chew your food thoroughly, that's all!
T-Rex: Oh, okay! I guess I do, a little.
T-Rex (punchline): D-Do you want to do it at your place or mine?


T-Rex: The year: the future.
T-Rex: The time: four seconds from tomorrow.
T-Rex: And the world's first expedition to Jupiter is in trouble!
T-Rex: Power levels are dropping! Life support is down! This first mission to the most massive planet in our solar system is in dire straits!
Dromiceiomimus: Well, what do they do?
T-Rex: What can they do? They are far too distant for any sort of rescue. Logically, it is therefore death for everyone involved. THE END.
Utahraptor: Surely they could pull out some last minute engineering miracle?
T-Rex: I honestly don't see how!
Utahraptor: Well, they need energy, right? So maybe they realize that Jupiter has the same makeup as the sun, so they manage to induce fusion in its core! The solar energy refills their batteries and they're saved!
T-Rex: Utahraptor! A SECOND SUN IN OUR SOLAR SYSTEM WOULD DESTROY ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET!!
T-Rex (punchline): ...but what a way to go; tell me more


Narrator: THINGS THAT SOUND WAY MORE INTERESTING THAN THEY REALLY ARE
Narrator: a comic to read before you encounter these things
Narrator: that way you won't be disappointed
T-Rex: OMNIBUS: heads up, everyone! This is NOT an all-encompassing bus: a universal bus that, once boarded, contains within every joy, every sorrow, every hope and every fear, every potential self that you could ever hope to be. Rather it's a collection of smaller things, like an omnibus bill or a book containing other books.
Dromiceiomimus: I mean - it's okay if you like laws, or reading.
T-Rex: PFFFFFT
T-Rex: WILDERNESS: upon inspection this is just forests! NOT our pal Wild Erness.
Utahraptor: Aw man, really??
T-Rex: UNIVERSAL REMOTE: it only works on Earth machines. This is UNIVERSE RACIST. It is a big "screw you" to literally EVERYTHING ELSE IN THE UNIVERSE EXCEPT EARTH.
Utahraptor: What could possibly go wrong from telling off the ENTIRE UNIVERSE I'M BEING SARCASTIC THE DOWNSIDES ARE GLARINGLY OBVIOUS
T-Rex: WORLD SERIES: NOT a series of planets, perhaps listed from hottest to coolest, perhaps using "hottest" in the "which planet has the most rockin bods" sense! This is you watching a bunch of adults you're not friends with get paid to play baseball.
T-Rex (punchline): There can be no greater sadness!


T-Rex: Alright everyone! Let's do our friggin' TAXES!
T-Rex: Woooo
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: So um it appears taxes are not as fun as I expected.
Dromiceiomimus: How fun did you expect them to be?
T-Rex: Dromiceiomimus, I expected nothing less than the fun of a job well done!
Utahraptor: And...? Did you do them well?
T-Rex: Man, who can say?
T-Rex: There's no feedback at the end: no "B+ try harder next time", no "PURR-FECT WORK" sticker and then there's a picture of a cat! There's just the knowledge that audits can happen for any reason, AND the knowledge that there's no statute of limitations for tax fraud, even accidental, and that the only other crime with such status is MURDER.
T-Rex (punchline): Woooo


Narrator: T-REX HAS INJECTED HIMSELF WITH TRUTH SERUM OF HIS OWN DESIGN:
T-Rex: Indeedy! Now everything I say will be the truth!
T-Rex: The path to enlightenment is truly through homemade drugs!
T-Rex: Go ahead, Dromiceiomimus! Ask me anything!
Dromiceiomimus: Okay, um... What's ten times two?
T-Rex: Twenty. Oh my gosh; it works!
Utahraptor: Oooh! Hey, I've got some questions!
T-Rex: No way dude!
T-Rex: I'm afraid you'll ask me some personal questions (of a sexual nature) that I don't want to answer!
T-Rex: Wait, what the hell? This was supposed to be a truth serum, not a VOLUNTEER INFORMATION serum!
Utahraptor: You're out of control!
T-Rex: I've recently discovered the joys of sleeping naked, by the way!
T-Rex (punchline): Don't listen to me!!


T-Rex: Aladdin's a guy living in a mysterious city! And a sorcerer shows up and asks him to retrieve a magic lamp from a booby-trapped cave and gives him a magic ring. Oh! Also, everyone is Chinese.
Narrator: THE STORY OF ALADDIN
Narrator: as told in the 17th century
T-Rex: So Chinese Aladdin goes in and gets the lamp but gets trapped in the cave, so he rubs his ring, and a genie comes out. And the genie takes him home to his mom, who tries to clean the lamp, which makes a second, better genie come out. And there's no 3-wish limit on THESE bad boys! So Aladdin uses infinite wishes to become Super Rich With A Giant House And Married To The Princess of China Aladdin.
Utahraptor: And then the sorcerer steals the lamp, right?
T-Rex: Yep! He wishes himself to Africa to escape!
T-Rex: But Aladdin still has Ring Genie who sends him there, and together they MURDER THE SORCERER. Then the sorcerer's brother shows up at Aladdin's house in women's clothing, so Aladdin murders him too. The end! Oh he also becomes the Emperor of China! Because infinite wishes, why not?
T-Rex: In conclusion!
T-Rex (punchline): As he never wished for an end to suffering, Aladdin TRULY IS history's greatest monster.


T-Rex: Time for some...
T-Rex: ...REVEALING PERSONAL TRUTHS ABOUT OURSELVES!
T-Rex: You go first, Dromiceiomimus.
Dromiceiomimus: No, I don't think I'll be revealing any personal truths about myself today.
T-Rex: DROMICEIOMIMUS! That hardly seems sporting!
T-Rex: Alright, you go then, Utahraptor!
Utahraptor: Nope!
Utahraptor: Pretty sure I'm not sharing any revealing personal truths about myself either.
T-Rex: Fine! FINE. I'll be the only one revealing person truths today. Are you ready for some factual truth bombs? HERE THEY FRIGGIN' COME!
T-Rex: *ahem*
T-Rex (punchline): my friends disappoint me SOMETIMES


Narrator: SIX DEGREES OF SEPARATION
T-Rex: Maybe everyone is connected to everyone else by no more than six other people blah blah blah small world after all blah blah social networks blah
T-Rex: ANYWAY!
T-Rex: That's all pretty cool I GUESS, but it's still not like I'm getting Christmas cards from Patty Stew and Jonno Frakes. But you know what IS great? The name of the dude who came up with the idea!
Dromiceiomimus: Who?
T-Rex: Oh, just a person named... FRIGYES KARINTHY??
Utahraptor: No way. NO WAY.
T-Rex: Yes way!
T-Rex: FRIGYES FRIGGIN' KARINTHY. Only I don't know for sure if his middle name was "Friggin'".
Utahraptor: Still!
T-Rex: Still, right? I know!! We should change OUR names to "Frigyes"!
T-Rex: "Should we go chill with Frigyes and Frigyes?" our friends will say. "OH WOW, IF ONLY THERE WERE A MINCED OATH AND AFFIRMATIVE PARTICLE THAT COULD ANSWER THIS QUESTION??"
T-Rex: Man!
T-Rex and off panel (punchline): Literally nothing will ever go wrong for us again!


T-Rex: I am a man who shares his life with one dog. But you know what's better than a single dog?
T-Rex: TWO DOGS!
Dromiceiomimus: You're thinking of getting a second dog, T-Rex?
T-Rex: Well, I considered it, but then I asked myself, "what's better than two dogs?" and you know what my answer was?
Dromiceiomimus: "A reasonable and sustainable number of dogs"?
T-Rex: THREE DOGS!
T-Rex: But then I realized there's something better than THREE dogs.
Utahraptor: Fewer dogs??
T-Rex: ALL THE DOGS. I've concluded I should adopt every dog that needs a home, but I DO know that's too many to handle, so I'll just hang out with them temporarily and then if anyone wants to adopt one, they can.
Utahraptor: Congratulations: you've invented the dog shelter from first principles.
T-Rex: Utahraptor!
T-Rex (punchline): You say that like there's some downside I should be seeing, and yet no matter how I look at this I see only brilliant perfection??


T-Rex: I joke about trends forecasting, but it's actually super interesting! There are folks whose ENTIRE PROFESSIONAL LIVES are spent determining what stupid dress colours will be future popular. Okay, that didn't sound that interesting; I can do better.
T-Rex: They're professional futurists, for a small, well-defined aspect of the future!
T-Rex: Large corporations will turn to these forecasters and say "what colours should we make dresses in the future" and they'll say "for a million dollars, I will tell you" and then they pay a million dollars because nobody wants to make dresses in the wrong colour! Nobody has ever wanted that!!
Dromiceiomimus: What if they're wrong?
T-Rex: It's their job to not be wrong, Dromiceiomimus!
Utahraptor: How would you tell if they're wrong anyway?
T-Rex: What do you mean?
Utahraptor: If a trends forecaster says yellow is in, then a few years later you're gonna see a lot of yellow dresses in stores and hey presto, yellow is in.
T-Rex: That only works if there's a forecaster monoculture! But I see where you're going with this, Utahraptor, and I agree:
T-Rex: We should all get jobs at trends companies and tell everyone that in the future, skateboarding dogs in sunglasses is THE pattern to be seen in!
Off panel: I'm not -
T-Rex (punchline): Wait. Wait!! Do you want to go with "fried chicken mascot chicken eating pieces of fried chicken" instead?


T-Rex: All right, brain: this is it. I've fed you glucose for LITERALLY DECADES and moved you around wherever you wanted via my legs and kept you safe inside my head during which I only bonked said head a few times...
T-Rex: ...and now it's time to EARN YOUR KEEP.
T-Rex: I request one (1) good idea, brain, from which I can become insanely rich forever. That's it. You do that, and we're square!
T-Rex: I'M WAITING, BRAIN.
Utahraptor: You realize you are your brain and you're talking to yourself?
T-Rex: Don't listen to him, brain!
T-Rex: You owe me, brain, and this is how you pay me back.
Utahraptor: You ALSO realize that trying to retroactively charge for friendship is really crappy and nullifies that friendship?
T-Rex: DON'T LISTEN TO HIM, BRAIN. I WOULD LIKE ONE GOOD IDEA RIGHT NOW, PLEASE.
T-Rex: [thinks] chocolate straws that make whatever you drink taste like chocolate and then when you're done you can eat the straw
T-Rex: ...
T-Rex (punchline): ...They should've sent a poet


T-Rex: It's a real shame that all those great careers I wanted as a child will probably never come true for me. I'll never get to be an astronaut, or a race car driver, or a movie star!
T-Rex: It's a sad realization - I always sort of hoped such a job would just... fall into my lap!
Dromiceiomimus: Have you ever imagined what it would be like if you WERE a movie star, T-Rex?
T-Rex: Sometimes! But I don't have a very good imagination for that sort of thing. What would I be, a romantic lead?
T-Rex: Mostly I just insert myself into the commercials of my youth.
[T-Rex's daydream]
Narrator: OIL OF OLAY
Utahraptor: Don't I know you from somewhere?
T-Rex: Oh, that's original!
[T-Rex's daydream]
Utahraptor: Emerson High, 1975: you were in my class.
T-Rex: I was your teachah!
[T-Rex's daydream]
Off panel: Miss Fitzhenry?!
T-Rex (punchline): Bugsy... Brown.


T-Rex: A friend of mine has started dating a new woman! A new woman named... DROMICEIOMIMUS??
T-Rex: And she's not even the REAL Dromiceiomimus!
T-Rex: This friend has failed to consider that I, like all REASONABLE individuals, have only enough room in my heart and mind for ONE friend of the same name! Dromiceiomimus, you don't know any other T-Rex, do you??
Dromiceiomimus: Well, actually -
T-Rex: Exactly! "Well, actually - I totally do not, 100%." Thank you!
Utahraptor: It sounded like she was going to say she knows another T-Rex!
T-Rex: Ridiculous!
Utahraptor: Okay, I'll say it: I know another T-Rex. I don't know him SUPER well, but we've been on a few dates.
T-Rex: NO
Utahraptor: I've had him over for dinner a few times.
T-Rex: NOT ALLOWED
Off panel: Once I accidentally sent you a message meant for him.
T-Rex: THAT DOES EXPLAIN YOUR "THANKS FOR THE MOUTH KISSES ;Y" TEXT
T-Rex (punchline): ACTUALLY, ONLY PARTIALLY


T-Rex: FACT: senior citizens are fragile. You can't shove them around or nothing!
T-Rex: FACT: babies are fragile too! They're like - glass people!
T-Rex: So we start out fragile and we end up fragile, but there's this sweet spot in the middle where we've got massively awesome skeletal integrity and sweet muscles and it's FULLY POSSIBLE for us to ramp motorcycles off boats successfully. Our bodies are ready.
Dromiceiomimus: And have you ramped any such sick rides off boats?
T-Rex: NO!!
Utahraptor: You'd better do it soon, dude! Clock's a-tickin'!
T-Rex: I KNOW, I KNOW!
T-Rex: I keep meaning to, but I'm also super busy with all my ADULT RESPONSIBILITIES. Why have we structured society so that that as soon as you can do all the awesome stuff, you're WAY TOO BUSY to actually do it? We should get years 20 to 40 off, inclusive! Youth isn't wasted on the young! GOING TO WORK IS.
Off panel: I'm you from the future, T-Rex! I'm an ancient senior now and everything hurts, but I still have to work every day!
T-Rex: Do you regret anything?
Off panel: Hah hah, no man! We ramped bikes off exploding boats!!
Off panel (punchline): What the hell kind of question is that anyway


T-Rex: Science tells us that English has OVER 350 different words, but sometimes even those aren't enough!
Narrator: HOW TO INVENT NEW WORDS
T-Rex: Luckily, inventing new words is easy. Hey, here's one: "boner".
Dromiceiomimus: That's clearly an existing word, T-Rex.
T-Rex: As a noun, PERHAPS. But now it exists as a verb, too: "I bonered out of here! I bonered out of here like a bat bonering out of boner hell." It's -
T-Rex: It's an adjective now too??
Utahraptor: You don't know your own word?
T-Rex: I just haven't fully considered the implications!
T-Rex: Dude, I'm toying with ENGLISH HERSELF here. I don't want to mess it up, and then everyone says "Oh wow English sucks now, let's all learn Pinghua Chinese instead".
Utahraptor: Hey! What's wrong with Pinghua?
T-Rex: Nothing!! I just already learned English is all!
Utahraptor: Is this... RACISMS??
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: *sigh*
T-Rex (punchline): Welp, I bonered the boner pret-ty damn boner today


T-Rex: An expansive vocabulary allows you to express the most subtle nuances of thought, sentences whose exquisite sentiment is simply beyond the reach of those who find within themselves only the most common and ordinary words.
Narrator: OBSOLETE VOCABULARY WORDS FOR THE IMMATURE
T-Rex: Like oh I don't know "SPERMOPHILE"?? That's someone who loves eating seeds! Not to mention "spermologer", which is a gossipmonger.
Dromiceiomimus: Hilarious.
T-Rex: Yes, I don't want to appear to be a "cockalorum" (a boastful dude), but I'd be happy to "dicker" (barter or trade) for new words that sound like sex stuff words!!
Utahraptor: If I don't share MY obsolete words with you, are you gonna have a... PUSSYVAN??
T-Rex: *gasp*
Utahraptor: It means "tantrum", T-Rex. Enjoy.
T-Rex: PUSSYVAN. Oh my god. Here I thought I was Mister Cool with my "pussy-hoisting" (stealing furs) but PUSSYVAN?? PUSSYVAN. I'm bringing it back! I'm gonna make a giant banner and everything, at my own considerable expense!!
Banner: Pussyvan
T-Rex (punchline): I REGRET NOTHING


Narrator: LISTEN YOU NEED TO LEARN TO INTERACT WITH PEOPLE BETTER AND STOP TAKING EVERYTHING SO PERSONALLY
Narrator: a web card
T-Rex: Please read what this card says because it applies 100% to you!!
T-Rex: You've long ago segued from being oddly defensive about everything to being oddly OFFENSIVE about everything, preemptively addressing any criticism you imagine you might one day receive with an attack! And we're all sick of it! Talking to you isn't a relaxing experience, because we're all worried about messing up and ending up on your enemies list!
Utahraptor: Learn some social skills!
T-Rex: PLEASE.
Utahraptor: Although, sending a web card isn't really the best way to address this. Maybe the sender of this card has some problems with social skills too!
T-Rex: Passive aggression for one!
Utahraptor: Not knowing what's appropriate for a card for another!
Narrator: LOOK, WE ALL HAVE OUR PROBLEMS: a web card
T-Rex: The sender of this card sent one copy to you and kept a second copy around to read personally.
T-Rex: Okay!
T-Rex (punchline): Good luck working things out, you crazy kids!!


T-Rex: How do you get your name on a street sign? Is there like, a place where I can slap my name down and say "So hey, I heard THAT name's really rad"?
T-Rex: I really want to live on "T-Rex Lane", you guys!
T-Rex: Obviously, my IDEAL address would be "80085 T-Rex Lane, T-Topia, Rexland", but, you know, one step at a time. So: street names! How do I get in on that?
Dromiceiomimus: Well, if you're a local politician your odds are improved through CRONYISM, and I guess if your last name was like, "Lakeview", you'd have better odds too.
T-Rex: Dromiceiomimus, this advice's Helpful Rating is currently at ZERO!!
Utahraptor: If you're someone famous, that helps too!
T-Rex: OBVIOUSLY.
Utahraptor: Look, if you're serious about this, then go buy some unincorporated land and build a road and house there! I think your street name's considered when the land is incorporated into a municipality.
T-Rex: But then I'd have to live out in the boonies all by myself!
T-Rex: On the other hand, I COULD be living on "Awesome People ONLY: The Street"! Frig! I can't see any way out of this impasse, Utahraptor!
T-Rex: You may want to go on about your day, I -
T-Rex (punchline): I may be stuck here like this for a while


T-Rex: We've been writing books for thousands of years! We've had THOUSANDS of years to perfect writing a book.
T-Rex: Therefore, the books we have today are the peak of the art!
T-Rex: But then I go into a bookstore and there are books called "Pooping: What Happened??" and I think maybe the peak of Mount Book isn't that high after all. But we've only been making video games for a few decades! THEREFORE, video games thousands of years from now are going to be literally insane. You will go insane at how good these games are, Dromiceiomimus.
Dromiceiomimus: I look forward to it.
T-Rex: As do I.
Utahraptor: But every book is written by someone who died AT MOST 100 years later!
T-Rex: Whatever, man!
Utahraptor: My point is that books haven't had constant, directed development: rather, every author starts almost from scratch! And that's AFTER we waste our early years learning what a word even is. A metaphor: we're running a 10k race, and all we do is stumble around in those first 100 meters and then DIE.
God: UM IF I'VE DONE THE MATH IN THAT METAPHOR CORRECTLY THE RACE IS ACTUALLY 10,000KM LONG
T-Rex: ...
T-Rex (punchline): Alright! I'm gonna go lie down and stare at the ceiling for a few hours, peace out everyone


T-Rex: Vampires are in, right? That's not too passe? We're not all into ants that have combined themselves together to form the shape of a giant ant yet? Yes?
T-Rex: Then prepare for my amazing "Vampire Novel 2000"!
T-Rex: Ahem. Vampire Novel 2000! Vampire Novel 2000 opens up on the first page, where the title of the book is printed. Your eyes caress the words, your lips mouthing them as you read: 'Vampire Novel'. And then, two numbers that are also four, the paradox of repeated digits. 2000. A number that promises the future. A year, but more than a year: an aesthetic. The future we all remember, now novelized, and also with vampires.
Utahraptor: Are you going to do anything beyond describe the reading process?
T-Rex: Dude, that's the book!
T-Rex: It's a book ABOUT reading a book, and what's more, it's a book about READING THE VERY BOOK THAT YOU'RE CURRENTLY READING. Oh, sorry! DID I JUST BREAK YOUR MIND?
Utahraptor: It sounds kinda... terrible.
T-Rex: Oh, how awful!
T-Rex (punchline): That is the only sentence someone whose mind is broken can say.


T-Rex: It seems that, despite the "euphemisms" available to them, folks are still discussing feelings in a frank and straightforward manner. Please! You know why our ancestors crawled out of the ocean?
T-Rex: I'm pretty sure it was to avoid these talks!!
T-Rex: With that in mind, I now present more "euphemisms" to allow you to get by in society!
T-Rex: For example, instead of saying "I feel afraid", you can say "Aw crap! I think I've discovered a weakness in myself." And instead of "I love you!", just say "I have found another weakness; please, excuse me."
Utahraptor: Love isn't a weakness, T-Rex. It's a strength!
T-Rex: Please avoid such crass language, Utahraptor!
T-Rex: Instead of that, you COULD'VE said, "Love isn't a w- hey, where are the warp whistles in Mario 3?" and I would have replied "There's three! The first is found in the third level: crouch on the last white block until you fall through, and then run to the end."
T-Rex: "The second is at the end of the first fortress: fly above where the door is. The third is found by beating the Fire Bros hiding behind the rock at the eastern side of World 2!"
Off panel: That's quite the euphemism!
T-Rex (punchline): Utahraptor. They're quite the whistles.


T-Rex: My last attempt to be a motivational speaker didn't go so well. But this time I have a plan: GENERATIVE ADVICE. For example!
T-Rex: "Customers know what they want, but they want what they know!"
Dromiceiomimus: Wow, that actually sounds like good business advice, T-Rex. Customers want to buy something they're already familiar with!
T-Rex: I know, right? But I totally just made it up, according to my Generative Advice Formula. And I have tons more! Like, for a restaurant: "Customers eat what they see, but they see what they eat."
Dromiceiomimus: That one is less impressive.
T-Rex: Maybe because it follows the first one?
Utahraptor: Your advice formula is "Customers VERB1 what they VERB2, but they VERB2 what they VERB1", for all transitive verbs, right?
T-Rex: Okay YEAH it's obvious, but it works! And it can be customized to any environment. Self-help? "Do what you want, but want what you do". Writers? "Write what you know, but know what you write."
Utahraptor: Oh yeah? What about colonists?
T-Rex: "Colonize what you explore, but explore what you colonize."
Off panel: Zookeepers!
T-Rex: "Tame what you keep, but please, keep what you tame."
Off panel: Nurses?
T-Rex: "Nurses take care of the injured, but they injure who they take care of."
T-Rex (punchline): Okay, whatever! My formula is still good DESPITE nurse racism.


T-Rex: I just discovered that I can get digital prints for only 29 cents!
Narrator: DINOSAUR COMICS PRESENTS:
Narrator: 29 CENT PRINT COMICS
T-Rex: Did you know that you can now get digital prints for only 29 cents? This will change the world!
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, that service has been available for a while now.
T-Rex: B-B-But...
T-Rex: 29 cent prints!
T-Rex: Hey there Utahraptor! Have I ever told you that you're a prints among men?
Utahraptor: You have not!
Utahraptor: And let me just say: thanks, T-Rex!
T-Rex: A 29 cents prints, that is!
Off panel: That doesn't even make sense!
T-Rex: Still!
T-Rex (punchline): Burnsauce!!


T-Rex: Can I pat my head and rub my tummy at the same time? Pfft! MERE CHILD'S PLAY.
T-Rex: It's SO EASY, in fact, that I'll totally do it later!!
T-Rex: Besides, that's just doing TWO things at the same time, and I can do SEVERAL. For example, right now I'm walking AND talking!
Dromiceiomimus: Not just that! You're walking, talking, AND breathing at the same time too!
T-Rex: NICE.
Utahraptor: You're also simultaneously circulating blood throughout your body!
T-Rex: I'm awesome!
T-Rex: I'm walking, talking, respirating, circulating blood, transforming light AND sound into electrical signals, converting electricity into thoughts, AND maintaining awareness of the position of my body, all at the same time!!
Utahraptor: Not to mention aging and dying!!
Narrator: *record scratch*
T-Rex: Oh yeah I always forget about that one
T-Rex (punchline): Ha ha


T-Rex: I wonder, what's the best thing that could happen to me today?
T-Rex: Maybe I could win the lottery!
T-Rex: Or maybe when I stomp on this house, it will crack open to reveal treasure! Gold doubloons!
T-Rex: PIRATE'S doubloons!
Utahraptor: How come all your fantasies involve you becoming fantastically rich?
T-Rex: Not true!
T-Rex: My fantasies also involved pirates.
Utahraptor: You know, pirates weren't the romantic figures you think they were. They raped, murdered, and ruined lives! Just because they had (admittedly) awesome ships doesn't make them good role models!
T-Rex (punchline): Debateable!


T-Rex: Bering Strait? More like BORING Strait!!
Narrator: DISSES ABOUT THE WORLD
T-Rex: Also, the Bering Sea? More like the BORI--
Dromiceiomimus: If you're referring to the hypothetical FUTURE Bering strait that would be between two continents, such an area could be used as a land bridge, allowing life to travel from one to the other before they moved apart. It's actually quite fascinating!
Utahraptor: Also, it would be a convenient place for an International Date to cross the planet.
T-Rex: GEEZ, fine!
T-Rex: I only wanted to get in some ZINGERS about various world landmarks, and thought choosing hypothetical future ones would be safe. But as that is CLEARLY not the case, here's some DINOSAUR-TIMES zingers! Pangaea? More like -
Utahraptor: "BLANDgaea"?
Narrator: T-REX WAS GOING TO SAY "More like PangaeBLAH", AN OBJECTIVELY INFERIOR JOKE:
T-Rex: Yes! Hah hah, that's exactly what I was going to say!!
T-Rex (punchline): Hah hah


T-Rex: I just realized: I'm almost certainly the one person who knows me the best! This has many implications...
T-Rex: For one, it means if I think I'm awesome, no-one can dispute it because I'm the authority!
T-Rex: This is great! I intend to make all sorts of pronouncements about myself, pronouncements that people will be forced to accept, because who would know myself better than me? Nobody, that's who!
T-Rex: Looks like my weekend just got filled up!
Utahraptor: Unfortunately, your reasoning is flawed, T-Rex!
T-Rex: I don't see how!
Utahraptor: While you may well be the authority on all things T-Rex, this does not mean that people should accept your judgments without question!
T-Rex: It doesn't?
Utahraptor: Nope! Even authorities must justify themselves!
T-Rex: I guess you're righ- Hey!
T-Rex (punchline): Is there some political undertone to what you're saying?!


T-Rex: If there was a problem, yo, I'll solve it, check out -
Off panel: I KEEP SEEING BAD MOVIES
T-Rex: Solution: only see movies with good ratings!!
T-Rex: If both critical AND audience reviews are positive, check it out! Otherwise: STEER CLEAR. Tada!
Dromiceiomimus: Won't the result be someone who knows only popular things?
T-Rex: Yes! Popular things... a.k.a THE BEST THINGS?? Why listen to ALL music when you can just grab the "Greatest Hits of [WHATEVER, PICK A DECADE]" album and save some friggin' time??
Utahraptor: Sometimes I can't tell when you're being sarcastic.
T-Rex: Who wants to hear RUNNER-UP hits?
Utahraptor: Dude, you're just going to produce a person who likes everything everyone else likes, who only knows the same stories everyone else knows, who only has popular opinions -
T-Rex: And let me stop you right there, because THAT SOUNDS GREAT. I'm SO TIRED of my friggin' unpopular opinions!
T-Rex: I think bacon is just okay! I think captioned cat pics are funnier with proper grammar! I think the Star Wars prequels are indistinguishable from the other ones!
Off panel: YOU ARE A MONSTER
T-Rex: See? SEE?
T-Rex (punchline): I HAVE TO LIVE EVERY DAY LIKE THIS


T-Rex: Panpsychism is the belief that everything in the universe has consciousness - not just chicks and dudes, but even inorganic matter like steel! Even the stinky ol' sofa that nobody likes because it stinks when you sit on it.
God: DUDE THROW OUT THE SOFA
T-Rex: I hear you, man!
T-Rex: Anyway, it doesn't necessarily claim that drywall spends its time writing poems about, you know, DRYWALL stuff - it only claims that there are some elements of sentience in everything. When you boil water it might be enjoying it, that's all. Or, it might be writhing in pain, screaming for mercy with a mouth that now speaks only with a scalding voice of steam.
Dromiceiomimus: Yikes!
Utahraptor: Some panpsychists go further than that though!
T-Rex: Oh yeah?
Utahraptor: Yeah: at the extreme, you have panpsychists who believe that the entire universe possesses a single mind, and that everything, including us, is a part of it.
T-Rex: I can see the appeal of that! Though you'd kinda have to wonder what the universe is thinking about.
Narrator: MEANWHILE, IN THE MIND OF THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE:
Text: I am going to draw a mental picture of all the dudes who need to throw out their sofas. OH LOOK, LOOK! IT'S ONLY ONE DUDE! NOW I'M GONNA IMAGINE HIM SAYING SOMETHING EMBARRASSING
T-Rex: I have issues with physical intimacy!
Text (punchline): Hah hah! AWESOME


God: T-REX DO YOU WANT TO HAVE ALL THE POWERS OF SUPERMAN
T-Rex: Hah! Nooooo thanks!
T-Rex: I already know how it is!
T-Rex: TERRIFYINGLY AWFUL.
T-Rex: Great, you're so fast and so strong that you alone are capable of preventing - anything! EVERYTHING. And great, your senses are acute enough that you're super-aware, too! Which means that when something bad happens WORLDWIDE, you know about it and you know only you can stop it. Is that mugging worth flying around the world for? What about that murder? Which simultaneous murder on opposite sides of the planet is more important, Superman??
Utahraptor: Well, at some point the man has to make a choice!
T-Rex: Sure!
T-Rex: And in the face of those awful and constant and endless life-or-death ethical decisions, what does he do? HOLD DOWN A JOB, and FLIRT WITH HIS COWORKER. Oh sorry, person being stabbed in the face! Superman's on a date with a human woman right now! He thinks that's more important.
God: BUT T-REX YOU GET TO FLY IN SPACE WHERE THERE'S NO SOUND
T-Rex: Oh geez I forgot that part!
T-Rex (punchline): Okay, yeah, sign me UP brotimes!!


T-Rex: Amelia and Antonio Tony were two original characters COPYRIGHT ME who were having sex intercourse! They were having it in a manner that would be arousing to a third party reading about these events after the fact.
T-Rex: Hey! That's your cue, readers!
T-Rex: "Wow, so arousing," whispered the first reader of the story, increasingly aroused. "I found the information on the first reader somewhat less arousing than the original story", said the second reader, her arousal waning. The third reader threw away this book in disgust as it was extremely difficult to get aroused to / with, but only after writing, in the past tense, about what he was about to do.
Utahraptor: So we read your story, add on our own experience, and pass it on?
T-Rex: Yep!
T-Rex: The result is an object that is at once reviewed AND reviewer, challenging the classical divide between the two and inviting us to examine our own preconceptions!
Utahraptor: It sounds boring.
T-Rex: IT SOUNDS LIKE ART AND YOU SHOULD LIKE IT.
T-Rex: ALSO MAYBE THIS WASN'T CLEAR:
T-Rex (punchline): INITIALLY THERE'S PORNS


T-Rex: Okay okay - so there's been a lot of people born, right? In the history of time there are a lot of people who have been born. So the question is, are there enough people that I could write a story...
T-Rex: ...and reasonably expect it to have already been LIVED OUT in real life?
T-Rex: Let's assume narratives can be reduced to yes/no decisions, and on average real people make a yes/no decision every 15 seconds. Two people are needed to cover each option for every decision! So after - um, 33 decisions, we've got more people needed than are alive right now, and we're only eight minutes into our story. It is a stories-in-real-life disaster!
T-Rex: BUT, if I wrote a story about the first eight minutes of a baby's life, ODDS ARE someone has lived it!
Utahraptor: Not really!
Utahraptor: You're assuming that for each decision, every person takes a separate route, but the vast majority of babies are doing the same thing: crying and then being confused.
T-Rex: I guess the odds of my writing a story and having it be what ACTUALLY HAPPENED to some dude are pretty low, huh.
God: SEE THIS IS WHAT I TOLD YOU T-REX JUST BECAUSE YOU WROTE IT DOESN'T MEAN THERE'S SOMEONE WHO IS SUPERMAN AND "JUST DOESN'T KNOW IT YET"
T-Rex (punchline): [small] i thought maybe it could be me


T-Rex: Because the planet spins, the earth's liquid core acts as a dynamo, generating a magnetic field! And magnetism can do some cool stuff, but at our current rotational speed we only get about 60 microteslas of force, which ISN'T MUCH.
T-Rex: A stupid fridge magnet alone is 80 times stronger, and those are BORING!
T-Rex: But check it: multiply the Earth's magnetic field by a quarter of a million times, and you've got magnetic force to mess with the electrons in a frog's atoms enough that it LEVITATES. The average frog weighs 1/4000th of a human, so therefore with a billion times the earth's magnetic field, EVERY HUMAN
T-Rex: ON THE PLANET
T-Rex: WOULD LEVITATE OFF INTO THE SKY.
T-Rex: So let's assume the planet's magnetic field increases linearly with rotation!
Utahraptor: Sure, why not?
Utahraptor: Then to get your desired magnetic field you just need the planet to spin a billion times faster - at which point each day would last, oh I don't know, about 40 MILLIONTHS of a second.
T-Rex: Well frig!! At that speed the planet would tear itself apart anyway! I'm wasting my time!
T-Rex: If I can tear the planet apart, there's got to be easier ways to get a tiny woman off my couch! THAT'S RIGHT TINY WOMAN, I NOTICED YOU HANGING OUT ON MY COUCH; IT WEIRDED ME OUT AND I STARTED DOING MATH
T-Rex: ANYWAY
T-Rex (punchline): "HERE WE ARE"


T-Rex: So, tiny bug on my nose, how was your day today?
Morris: oh t-rex it was really a challenge for me today. but, you can - my name is morris, if you wanted to call me that. morris the bug
T-Rex: Pleased to meet you, Morris!
Morris: gosh i'm pleased to meet you, t-rex! and yes, to answer your question it was a real challenge for me today. i tried to park my car by the grocery store so i could buy some groceries but then i couldn't find where the parking meters were and i looked everywhere and finally i asked some people to help but none of them knew where the parking meters were either! so it was real confusing
Dromiceiomimus: Didn't the grocery store have a parking lot, Morris?
Morris: yeah but i didn't find that out till afterwards and i'd already made an awful embarrassment of myself by asking everyone where the meters were! sometimes i get a little confused is all
T-Rex: That's okay, Morris! Everyone gets confused sometimes!
Utahraptor: Did they have the groceries you wanted?
Morris: well i dunno because i got so flustered from my mistake that i ended up just going home, empty-handed
T-Rex: Aww, Morris!
Utahraptor: I'm Utahraptor, by the way. Pleased to meet you!
Morris: shucks i've never met so many people before all in one day! i'm morris, and i'm just a little bug who tries real hard
T-Rex: If you ever need some help getting groceries, Morris, I bet we could help you out!
Morris: that's awful nice but it turned out that bugs don't even shop at the grocery store! i must have gotten myself mixed up with a show i saw or a movie or something because we catch our food ourselves
T-Rex: Is that why you're on my nose? To look for food?
Morris: no, i'm just here to get out of my house a little plus i wrote my address on my wrist but i must have written it in smudgey ink or something cause all i see now are smudges! i've probably made a big mess of things again
Morris (punchline): i can just tell


Narrator: INTERNET ACRONYMS FOR PARENTS WHO JUST GOT ON THE INTERNET
Narrator: a comic to print out and physically mail to your parents who just got on the internet!
T-Rex: Parents! Congratulations on getting websites installed on your computer!
T-Rex: As you may have noticed, sometimes your teenage children will use downright unfamiliar acronyms when you watch them talking to their friends on sites like "Facebook". But there's no mystery to them! For example, "WTF" means "Where's the food?" Your kids will say "WTF" at all sorts of times, because you know teens: always hungry!!
Utahraptor: But what about - "LOL"?
T-Rex: That's the Land O' Lakes, a beautiful location!
T-Rex: Teens like to remind each other of what they can achieve if they apply themselves, and a nice place to live is at the top of that list. That's why you'll see them say "LOL" all the time!
Utahraptor: Ah. And "BRB"?
T-Rex: "Busy Reading Books".
T-Rex: Teens will say that before stepping away from the keyboard for a bit to read some classic literature! Teens, man!! They make me want to ROFL too!
T-Rex (punchline): ("Reading on the floor: literature"!)


T-Rex: We all make jokes about "who was the person who discovered oysters were edible" because they look kinda gross, but here's the answer: it was a hungry person.
T-Rex: A hungry person didn't want to die, and so tried eating an oyster!
T-Rex: But it does suggest a question: perhaps there's other things, equally or MORE delicious, that NOBODY has tried eating! The world's tastiest meal could be awaiting us right here on Earth, but nobody has ever tried gobbling it yet!
Dromiceiomimus: So it'd have to be something even MORE gross looking than an oyster.
T-Rex: YES.
Utahraptor: And it'd have to be pretty uncommon, otherwise we'd have tried gobbling it by now.
T-Rex: Also yes.
T-Rex: So that raises the question, Utahraptor: what's the grossest thing on Earth that's ALSO one of the least common things on Earth?
Utahraptor: All I can think is... the hateful ancient god Gra'thul who dwells within the Earth's cursd core?
T-Rex: I SEE NOTHING WRONG WITH THIS ANSWER.
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: Digging to the centre of the Earth is way harder in real life than it is in cartoons, and I'm just gonna have nachos instead. BUT FRIENDS, I SWEAR THIS:
T-Rex (punchline): If I ever see any Old Ones I'm definitely gonna put them in my mouth


T-Rex: So! Generalizations!
T-Rex: I don't understand them!
T-Rex: For instance, after being bit by three tigers, I'd start to generalize that maybe I shouldn't poke tigers, because then they'll bite me. But if I happened to meet three jerky citizens of a town, the same process could make me conclude that everyone there is mean! Or worse: what if I started generalizing across races? I'd be a big ol' racist!
Utahraptor: Well, there are valid and invalid generalizations, my friend!
T-Rex: Yeah, that's true!
T-Rex: But I guess what bothers me is that it seems you determine whether or not a generalization is valid by evaluating its conclusion, which in turn is based on your own prejudices!
Utahraptor: Well - it's hard to remove the "human factor" from any evaluation like this.
T-Rex: You mean the "dinosaur factor", of course!
Off panel: Hah hah! Of course!
T-Rex (punchline): We're talking dinosaurs!


T-Rex: You wake up and you are inside cyberspace!
T-Rex: You roll your eyes at the word "cyberspace"!
T-Rex: Looking around, you see an onramp labelled "information superhighway!" This metaphor is incredibly dated and also terrible.
T-Rex: You want to point this out to someone, but the only person nearby is some kid surfing an early-90s keyboard through the sky. He's wearing neon clothes and carrying a two-button mouse with a cord attached to it.
Utahraptor: I wake up into real life again!
T-Rex: Okay!
Utahraptor: Then I roll over to my laptop and check my email.
T-Rex: There's a message: "Thanks For Visiting Us Inside Your Computer!!".
Utahraptor: I throw my computer in the garbage and light the garbage on fire.
T-Rex: The toxic plastics and chemicals turn into a gas and go inside your lungs... where a tiny kid on a tiny keyboard messes with your alveoli!
Off panel: I decide to die!
T-Rex (punchline): I join you; this adventure was a bad idea from the start


T-Rex: It was midnight, and Bruce Wayne was almost indistinguishable from darkness. He melted into the shadows with ease as he crawled through the unfamiliar terrain, his senses alert. He had almost reached his target...
T-Rex: ...and then he pooped his pants and cried!
T-Rex: WHAT THE HECK?
Dromiceiomimus: In this story, is Bruce Wayne a newborn baby?
T-Rex: Yes, Bruce Wayne is a newborn baby in this story. As you probably guessed, he was in a dark room, exploring his new baby bed.
T-Rex: Poopy Pants Baby Bruce is the character find of 2018, Dromiceiomimus.
Utahraptor: Is there a Baby Joker? A Baby Poison Ivy? A Baby Two-Face?
T-Rex: OBVIOUSLY THERE ARE.
T-Rex: But they don't star here! Millions live in Gotham, and we're supposed to buy that they all end up at the same daycare? Where one kid laughs all the time while another whispers to plants, and a third kid keeps ALMOST but not quite getting half his face injured? Where there's one little girl who just loves cats?
T-Rex: And another who's a little TOO into clay and keeps rubbing it on his face... and another who loves singing the "cold doesn't bother me anyway" bit from Frozen...
T-Rex: ...Huh.
T-Rex (punchline): So THIS is what having the greatest idea of your life feels like


T-Rex: Who spent their Tuesday night doing the BEST THING POSSIBLE?? The answer: me!
T-Rex: I built a statue of myself!
T-Rex: It's LARGER-THAN-LIFE and it looks just like me! Only BIGGER. What I'm trying to say Dromiceiomimus is that it's fantastic and you should come see it sometime soon.
Dromiceiomimus: I will! But wouldn't building an articulated robot version of yourself that you can climb inside and control have been closer to the best thing ever?
T-Rex: Well, MAYBE. But a statue is still awesome!
Utahraptor: Yeah man! You should've built a robot suit!
T-Rex: But - I built a whole statue! Overnight!!
T-Rex: Although upon closer inspection, I must concede that building a fully-functional T-Rex robot, overnight, would have been pretty darned choice.
Utahraptor: So now you're saying you regret your statue? Man! I'd like to know what your statue thinks about all this!
Narrator (punchline): T-REX STATUE REACTION SHOT:


T-Rex: What's that? The internet is down? FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUU-
T-Rex: -nnily enough, I carry a backup internet in my phone!
T-Rex: My phone internet is down? FFFFF-
T-Rex: -ortunately, there's a library nearby!
Narrator: SOON:
T-Rex: What's that, the library is closed? Well, FRRRRIIIIII-
T-Rex: -day means that local restaurant that's only open on Fridays and has all the free WiFis is open!
Narrator: SOON:
Utahraptor: Today's not Friday! They're closed and they turned off their internet.
T-Rex: Hey, you made the same mistake too! Listen, is the internet working on your phone?
Utahraptor: Nope.
T-Rex: THEN I AM NOT TOO PROUD TO BEG. Please, excuse me for a moment.
T-Rex: Attention, everybody!! Can anyone send an email for me that reads "HEY MOM I ATE TOO MUCH LAST NIGHT LOL JK"?
T-Rex: That's "EL OH EL JAY KAY"
T-Rex (punchline): That is my EMAIL SIGNATURE and it's AMAZING and you are not allowed to STEAL IT


T-Rex: Hmm... right now I could be bettering myself and the world we all share.
Devil: OR YOU COULD PLAY VIDEO GAMES
T-Rex: DANG IT, HE'S GOT ME THERE!
Narrator: T-REX'S BUSY DAY
T-Rex: Maybe I should go on a diet!
Devil: OR MAYBE
Devil: AND STAY WITH ME
Devil: MAYBE YOU SHOULD PLAY VIDEO GAMES
T-Rex: Oh snap, maybe!!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, want to come to a party tonight?
T-Rex: Sure, I -
Devil: VIDEO GAMES
T-Rex: Nevermind!
Utahraptor: T-Rex maybe we all think you've been playing too many video games lately!
Devil: OR MAYBE WE ALL THINK THERE'S A NEW VIDEO GAME OUT WHERE YOU CAN RAMP A HORSE OFF A ROOF AND THEN THE HORSE LANDS ON A PLANE AND PUNCHES ENOUGH THAT SHE TAKES OVER THE PLANE
T-Rex: OH MY GOD I need to go do that!
Devil: THEN THE HORSE KICKS OUT THE OLD PILOT AND SAYS "BALE OUT" LIKE BALE AS IN HAY
T-Rex (punchline): Every second I'm not playing this game is a second I WILL LITERALLY REGRET ON MY DEATH BED, AHHHHHHHHH


T-Rex: A SPOOKY GHOST STORY, by me, T-Rex.
T-Rex: One day an alive woman died! THE END.
T-Rex: OR WAS IT??
T-Rex: Duh, it's not the end! She became a spooky ghost!
T-Rex: But unlike most ghosts who haunt their descendants, SHE became a ghost in the medieval past. She haunted her ancestors! She'd say things like "Woooo in the future we'll have cell phones" and her ancestors would say "Is that English? I can barely recognize it. It sounds so different to our more throaty, Scottish-sounding phonology".
T-Rex: "Furthermore, we employ over twelve forms of 'the' and she only uses one!"
Utahraptor: Aw no.
T-Rex: "And when she writes us ghostly notes, she uses letters unfamiliar to us and avoids letters we use like thorne and yogh. Communication is difficult, if not impossible."
Utahraptor: T-Rex this isn't scary at all! I'm LEARNING instead of being TERRIFIED.
Utahraptor: SCARE ME, PLEASE.
T-Rex: FINE. Someone shouts "Whoah, now she's pulling off her face and there's a writhing pile of worms underneath!"
Off panel: NICE
T-Rex: "Also she uses singular and plural noun forms, but WE also have one for 'double'!"
Off panel (punchline): AW GEEZ


Narrator: T-REX HAS AUDITIONED FOR A PLAY. HE BELIEVES THE AUDITION WENT WELL, BUT HAS NOT BEEN AWARDED A PART.
Narrator: LET'S WATCH!
T-Rex: Rejected?!
T-Rex: The heck?! I was way better than most of the people there! It's discrimination!
Dromiceiomimus: Aww, I'm sorry, T-Rex! But how do you know it's discrimination?
T-Rex: I was told that "someone of my *ahem* 'stature' didn't belong under stage lights". For crying out loud!
Utahraptor: I'm sorry too, T-Rex!
T-Rex: It's so aggravating!
T-Rex: They wanted a short orange guy and I gave them a tall green guy, and they threw me to the curb!
Utahraptor: I understand, and it's difficult to deal with! But sometimes actors do have to look the part they're playing.
Narrator: LATER T-REX GOES OUT TO DINNER WITH FRIENDS:
T-Rex (punchline): That was muchas delicious but did little to resolve the disparate issues raised by today's events!


T-Rex: Let's say that there are a variety of universes - real and simulated.
T-Rex: However, given the nature of reality, there can only be a SINGLE real universe!
T-Rex: Therefore, since everyone in a simulated universe must believe they're in the single real universe for the simulation to have any value, it follows that the overwhelming odds must be that OUR universe is a simulation! After all, what are the odds that WE'D be in the one real reality?? And given that conclusion, how can we trust anyone or anything - even ourselves! - to be real??
Utahraptor: You can't, really!
T-Rex: ...Wait, what?
Utahraptor: If you accept your premises as true, then the conclusion follows. Though I'd argue that it doesn't really matter, since our universe is "real" in each way that matters - except maybe one, which we can't even test for. Should Mario NOT save the princess, even if he realizes he's in a video game?
T-Rex: That's true. Mario SHOULD absolutely save the princess!
Off panel: Thank you.
T-Rex: But also, Waluigi should get to save Wario.
Off panel: Absolutely.
T-Rex: And also Birdo and F.L.U.D.D.
Off panel (punchline): Yes, no-one has ever disagreed with this sentiment


T-Rex: Too many emails?
T-Rex: Not enough sexy Snapchats??
T-Rex: Solve both problems with my email to sexy Snapchat converter!
T-Rex: Our top-of-the-line NLP heuristics can convert ANY email - even the most non-sexy of work emails! - into Snapchat with an enthusiastically consenting naked person in it. Thrill as guideline updates become guideSEXY updates! And live in the joy of knowing that every email you receive can be viewed for only a few seconds before it's deleted forever!
Utahraptor: My friend, this is clearly ideal and has no possible downsides for reading email!
T-Rex: Thank you!
Utahraptor: However - what about answering them?
T-Rex: Dude. IT WORKS BOTH WAYS. You can take a naked selfie and it'll convert that to "Sounds good, let's follow up next week."
Utahraptor: IT'S PERFECT; EMAIL IS SOLVED FOREVER
T-Rex: I don't want to oversell it, but when we can all communicate via naked selfies we will have finally realized the full potential of our species.
Off panel: Motion passes
T-Rex (punchline): There can be no further argument


T-Rex: Okay okay - time to solve ALL the problems.
Narrator: PROBLEM 1: NOT ENOUGH SALT
T-Rex: Buy more salt! It's free from the ocean?
Narrator: PROBLEM 2: TRAPPED IN A LOVELESS MARRIAGE; THERE IS A CHILD INVOLVED
T-Rex: Um. I don't know how to solve this problem.
Dromiceiomimus: Divorce?
T-Rex: I guess, but what about the child?
T-Rex and Dromiceiomimus: We don't feel qualified to comment!!
Narrator: PROBLEM 3: ATE TOO MANY CRACKERS
T-Rex: Lay off the crackers!
Utahraptor: Yeah!
Narrator: PROBLEM 4: ATE NOT ENOUGH CRACKERS NOW
Utahraptor: Okay, you can lay on the crackers again a little.
T-Rex: Hooray! More crackers for everyone!
Utahraptor: But only a little! We don't need a repeat of Problem 3 here. MODERATION is the key to a good diet!
Narrator: PROBLEM 5: SKINNY DUDES TALKING ABOUT MODERATION IN DIETING
T-Rex: Whatever! There are still like a billion problems left. We haven't even touched on my problem yet!
Off panel: What problem is that, T-Rex?
T-Rex (punchline): Utahraptor!! It's "too much poo"!


T-Rex: A lot of my friends are having babies.
Book cover: BABIES: WHAT'S THE DEAL?
Book cover: a book by t-rex
T-Rex: That's what I say to them! They say, T-Rex, Marcia and I are expecting a little bundle of joy. And I say, Ted, I respect you and love you as a friend, but I have to ask - what's the deal? What is the deal with the BABIES.
Utahraptor: The deal is that they're building a family and propagating the species!
T-Rex: That's just part of the deal!
T-Rex: As a man who is "without babies", the idea of being in charge of another person's life seems insane. That's a lot of responsibility, and I have no idea if I'm qualified for that - or if anyone ELSE is, for that matter. So I have to ask -
Utahraptor: "What's the deal?"
T-Rex: With the babies, yes.
Book cover: "OKAY, THANKS FOR WRITING IN TO TELL ME WHAT ALL THE DEALS WERE WITH YOUR BABIES"
Book cover (punchline): "IT WAS A RHETORICAL QUESTION"


T-Rex: How come there wasn't science fiction a thousand years ago? I gotta say...
T-Rex: The serfs certainly dropped the ball on that one!
T-Rex: It's weird, isn't it, Dromiceiomimus? I don't see any reason why past dudes couldn't have written stories about what life would be like down the road. Why couldn't they have imagined horses that, when ridden fast enough, travelled back through time and allowed you sass up your parents?
Dromiceiomimus: Maybe they were too busy trying to survive?
Utahraptor: Or maybe you're just being narrow in your definition of science fiction!
T-Rex: Explain!
Utahraptor: Okay, well, nobody was talking about flying cars, sure, but people did conceptualize Pegasus, and that's a friggin' flying horse. Horses being the cars of olden times, remember? Just because Peggy didn't have a scientific underpinning doesn't mean he wasn't the result of people imagining better technologies!
T-Rex: Okay, that's a good point. However! I will not concede until at least ONE ancient manuscript is uncovered that includes the line "Hay? Where we're going, we don't need... hay."
T-Rex (punchline): And then the horseman has to flip down the visor of his armour, okay?


T-Rex: I wonder what someone studying my life for a FUTURE BIOGRAPHY would think about me. What does it mean that I spend so much time doing the things I do?
T-Rex: And what if they got the analysis wrong?
T-Rex: What if they saw my interest in smooching as indicative of feelings of sexual inadequacy? What if they see my stepping on houses as symbolic of the way I let my rugged manly heart step on all but the most amusing of emotions it experiences?
Dromiceiomimus: Huh?
T-Rex: I'm just concerned that after I'm dead, folks will write books about me filled with sass!
Utahraptor: I think I've figured you out, my friend!
T-Rex: Explain!
Utahraptor: You WANT your actions analyzed. You want it because if a third party analyzes them, not only does that suggest they're interesting, but it also gives them intrinsic meaning: there must be something there worthy of analysis! You never have to worry about living a meaningful life if there's someone else to find meaning for you.
T-Rex: Utahraptor! You realize that you just analyzed my actions today and found meaning in them?
Off panel: Aw man! It wasn't on purpose!!
T-Rex (punchline): I'm going to go write "boners ahoy" on a bathroom wall and then you can tell me why, okay?


T-Rex: Emotions are embarrassing and should be hidden. In polite society, "euphemisms" are used to avoid the shock of naming feelings directly!
Narrator: NEW "EUPHEMISMS" FOR EMOTIONS COMICS
T-Rex: For example, instead of saying "I'm happy" you can say "I fell off the wagon! The wagon is sadness and my mode of transportation, but I didn't hold on hard enough."
Dromiceiomimus: That's very clear! And instead of saying "I'm sad" you can say "I'm a friend of Aquaman's."
T-Rex: He always seemed to have an... abiding sorrow.
Utahraptor: And instead of "exciting"?
T-Rex: "My heart has developed boners for this".
Utahraptor: Huh! What about that strange emotion you get when you see a house being moved on one of those giant trucks at night: a sort of silent ethereal wistfulness?
T-Rex: There's no need for that crass language! You can just say "Dudes check out that house please" and the dudes, they will understand.
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: A Nobel Prize for Excellence in the Avoidance of Frank Discussions of Feelings? My heart has developed so many boners right now, ladies and gentlemen!
Off panel: WOOO!
Off panel (punchline): That's why he's the champ!!


T-Rex: In my new story, Professor Time teams up with her colleague, Doctor Space. Together, they are...
T-Rex: TIME AND SPACE.
T-Rex: Their combination house/fort is called the Space-Time Continuum, obviously!!
T-Rex: It is so named because this house is a continuous sequence of rooms in which adjacent rooms are not perceptibly different from each other, although the extremes are quite distinct.
Dromiceiomimus: Sounds pretty plausible.
T-Rex: I know, right? It was a big deal to construct, but they had The Time (Prof Time is good at architecture AND referring to herself with the definite article). And they also had The Space!
Utahraptor: But did they have The Money??
T-Rex: *gasp*
T-Rex: Okay, dude, that's a great idea. Doc Space and Prof Time meet Secret Agent Money, who is loaded like whoah.
Utahraptor: PLOT TWIST: the Professor and secret agent are never seen together, because -
T-Rex: THEY'RE THE SAME PERSON: TIME IS MONEY
T-Rex: OH MY GOD, IT ALL FITS
T-Rex: I don't know about writing but I know what I like, and what I like is whole stories built around old sayings!
Off panel: Then you'll love my story about squabbling roommates named "You", called "You can't take it with You!"
T-Rex (punchline): Yes. Yes, I BELIEVE I SHALL.


T-Rex: Once upon a time there was a SERIOUSLY spooky ghost!
T-Rex: No, wait. It can be done better.
T-Rex: *ahem*
T-Rex: Antonio Tony could see dead people!
T-Rex: Every room was packed for him, as there was a ghost for everyone who'd ever lived. Ghosts of explorers from hundreds of years ago wandered the downtown core bumping shoulders with the ancient ghosts of their earliest ancestors. And it wasn't just people: the seas were filled with 270 million years of ghostly trilobites, and long-extinct animals roamed the skies - many not found in any textbook. Antonio had checked.
Utahraptor: This is actually an awesome premise: the air nearly opaque with dead insects!
T-Rex: Thanks, but I'm not done yet!
T-Rex: Antonio took notes on some of the ghosts, dragging their mangled, legless bodies through malls, parks, and stadiums. He knew any book he produced would be invaluable to historians, but also knew anything he produced would be seen as fiction.
Utahraptor: NICE.
T-Rex: It was then that the first spaceship landed.
T-Rex: The ships appeared puzzlingly empty, as only Antonio could see ghost alien shock troops pouring out! He must now recruit the very best of Earth's history to fight this secret war for survival!!
T-Rex: Man!
T-Rex (punchline): I wish I had more time to talk about this awesome premise; OH WELL


Off panel: Great party, T-Rex! Hey, do you have any more chips?
T-Rex: Sorry guys, those were the last!
God: HEY I BROUGHT SOME POTATO CHIPS T-REX
T-Rex: God! You came!
God: THAT'S RIGHT SORRY I'M LATE BUT THESE ARE SOME GOOD CHIPS
God: CHICKEN FLAVOUR
T-Rex: Classy! Glad you could make it!
Dromiceiomimus: Who are you talking to, T-Rex?
T-Rex: God! But it seems that AS USUAL only I can hear Him!
God: SORRY ABOUT THAT BUT I'VE GOT A GREAT JOKE FOR YOU TO TELL
Utahraptor: Got any new jokes, T-Rex?
T-Rex: Y-Yes?
God: THIS'LL BE GREAT TELL HIM A SKELETON WENT INTO A BAR AND ORDERED A BEER AND A MOP
T-Rex: Utahraptor, a skeleton went into a bar and ordered a beer and a mop!
Utahraptor: To clean up the beer; yeah, I get it. That's not a very good joke, T-Rex!
God: SORRY IT'S NORMALLY BETTER THAN THAT
God: I WAS JUST TRYING OUT SOMETHING NEW
T-Rex (punchline): Dude, try it out somewhere else!


Narrator: IT'S WEDNESDAY! HOW ARE YOUR RELATIONSHIPS
T-Rex: I would rate my relationships:
T-Rex: Pretty Okay!
Dromiceiomimus: My relationships are fine too! I broke up with the guy I was dating, but it's cool.
T-Rex: What was the reason?
Dromiceiomimus: He punned too often? And they weren't even, like, good puns. They were always the same puns.
T-Rex: Sometimes you want to eat corn without hearing how corny it is.
Dromiceiomimus: This is what I'm saying!
Utahraptor: My relationships are fine too!
T-Rex: How Are They?
Utahraptor: WELL, I've been seeing this new guy, and it's nice. We went out to a movie last night and he held my hand when the lights went down. It was classy! And things are good with you?
T-Rex: Yep! Let me tell you man, these days when the phone rings, I think it might be a girl!
Narrator: LOOKS LIKE THIS:
Off panel (punchline): *ring*


T-Rex: Today I am going to plagiarize out-of-copyright books! And I choose...
T-Rex: MACBETH.
T-Rex: And here we go!!
T-Rex: "Macbeth was a king, I think? And his wife made him murder... someone... because... there's witches?"
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, I hate that this is now a question that's going to have been asked, but -
Dromiceiomimus: *sigh*
Dromiceiomimus: Did you even read the book you're plagiarizing?
T-Rex: I did! I had to read it for school I'm pretty sure.
Utahraptor: And I'M going to regret asking this, but -
Utahraptor: Did you even read at least the Wikipedia plot summary of the book you're plagiarizing?
T-Rex: Nope! This is PURE ME, baby.
Utahraptor: Somehow, you've found a new rung below plagiarists on the author ladder: "plagiarists who didn't even look at Wikipedia". Congrats, I guess?
Narrator: LATER, T-REX CHECKS WIKIPEDIA:
T-Rex: Hello?! The Macbeth article is like 10 pagedowns long!!
T-Rex: UMMMMM
T-Rex (punchline): I'M NOT MADE OF PAGEDOWNS, WIKIPEDIA


T-Rex: 200 years ago, you know what people did for fun? I'll tell you what they did. They looked at paintings.
T-Rex: They would literally go to a room and look at a painting and be all "Whoah, so fun!!"
T-Rex: And then people wanted more fun paintings to look at, so they'd paint a 360 degree ring-shaped canvas and have you stand in the middle of it, and then you could look all around at the painting of a beach and say "Alack me!! It's like I'm at the beach, only it's made of paint and nothing moves!"
Dromiceiomimus: Like a primitive holodeck!
T-Rex: EXACTLY.
Utahraptor: Are we talking about Chad's thing?
T-Rex: Oh no, he got to you too?
Utahraptor: Yeah, dude wants to bring back these olde-timey amusements, but it's like - too late, Chad! I've seen a movie! Therefore I can no longer enjoy staring at a painting while whispering "whee!", you know?
T-Rex: Our experiences of Real Fun mean the subtle joys of Crappy History Fun lie forever beyond us!
Narrator: T-REX GOES TO CHAD'S THING.
T-Rex: Chad, is this painting of some boring field secretly an extremely challenging "Where's Waldo?" game?
Off panel: What?
T-Rex (punchline): WHAT'S LEFT OF MY SANITY NEEDS YOU TO SAY "YES" HERE, CHAD.


T-Rex: Spider-Man's Nasty Cake, a tale of betrayal and self-discovery, by award-winning author AND thoughtsmith, T-Rex!
T-Rex: Wait, "thoughtsmith" has maxed-out pretentious!
T-Rex: Okay, it's by T-Rex, "author of award-eligible wordsmithery".
Dromiceiomimus: That sounds like it's your first time speaking English, and uh, things aren't going so hot.
T-Rex: By T-Rex, "the owner of mind that brought you the erotica for adults with problems??"
Dromiceiomimus: ...Better?
T-Rex: "By T-Rex, our last, best and only hope for the printed word."
Utahraptor: "By T-Rex, writer"?
T-Rex: What about "By T-Rex, the insatiable devourer of worlds... of IMAGINATION!"?
Utahraptor: What about you write your story and let it stand on its own merits, and worry about your blurb later?
T-Rex: Utahraptor, my story is about Spider-Man eating a nasty cake. I need all the help I can get.
Text: Spider-Man choked back another bite of the cake. He chewed, looking around the room. "So nasty." he breathed.
T-Rex (punchline): On second thought, nevermind! It turns out writing is easy!!


T-Rex: So this homeless guy asked me for change yesterday.
T-Rex: The first thing I thought was, "Sure!"
T-Rex: But THEN I thought, well, wait, if I really want to fight homelessness, wouldn't this money be better spent on community programs that fight it, both through helping the homeless and through political change? But then I thought, well, this guy's right here, you know, and saying that I'm gonna make a donation isn't gonna cut it. And then I thought, wait, this guy looks pretty out of it - is he going to spend my money on drugs? Do I want to tacitly support addiction?
Utahraptor: And then you thought how prejudiced that was?
T-Rex: Sure did!
T-Rex: Then I thought, even if he is gonna spend it on drugs, is it my job to deny him money? Should I go around enforcing my morality on others? Then I thought, geez man, how ridiculous am I that a guy asking for change throws me into these throes of self-doubt and analysis?
Utahraptor: Pretty ridiculous?
T-Rex: Pretty ridiculous! But then I recalled Socrates' "The unexamined life is not worth living" and at that point, my head pretty much exploded.
Off panel: Did you give the guy anything?
T-Rex (punchline): I gave him my change and whispered "DON'T TELL ANYONE UNTIL I CAN FIGURE US OUT"?


Narrator: HOW TO BE A SAILOR
T-Rex: Oh crap! Is there like a school you go to for that? Like... sailor school? Boat Undergrad?
T-Rex: High Seas High?
Dromiceiomimus: Aren't you supposed to be the teacher here?
T-Rex: DUDE I JUST WANDERED IN HERE FROM THE LEFT. I have no idea what I'm doing!
Utahraptor: Hello, T-Rex! I'm here to be taught how to be a sailor, as was promised to me!
T-Rex: FRIG
T-Rex: Boats! The planes of the sea! Boats have been used since history times, but how does one command these mighty vessels? How does one bend the will of Poseidon, forcing him to shoulder even our most audacious boat-shaped objects??
Utahraptor: These are among the questions I have, yes
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: Attention, class!!
T-Rex (punchline): I tried to look boats up on Wikipedia, but according to Wikipedia, my IP is totes banned from Wikipedia


T-Rex: It occurs to me that democracy is pretty unfair if you're not a dude who's in the majority!
Narrator: DEMOCRACY COMICS
T-Rex: It sucks, because if everyone disagrees with you, then you'll never get anything you want. It's majority rule! MOB rule!
Dromiceiomimus: Well, majority rule is sort of the definition of democracy, T-Rex. Not everyone can get everything they want!
T-Rex: Yeah, but what if the majority decided to be totally racist against you? You're pooched!
Utahraptor: People have worried about this before, my friend!
T-Rex: What do they say?
Utahraptor: Well, what you're worried about is called the "tyranny of the majority", and it's usually countered by the observation that there's at least a push for minority rights being respected in a democracy, since we're all minorities in one way or another.
T-Rex: Right! Like how I'm in a minority because I sometimes like to sleep in on weekends.
Off panel: Actually, I'd say most people like to do that, T-Rex.
T-Rex: Really? Are you serious??
T-Rex (punchline): Have all my years of sleepy shame been for naught?


T-Rex: Sherlock Holmes knocked on T-Rex's door. "I deduce you are home, good buddy!" the world's greatest detective except Batman said.
T-Rex: "Guilty as charged!" T-Rex laughed, opening the door!
T-Rex: "I need your help with another one of my mysterious cases," Sherlock said. "Again?" T-Rex sighed, smiling and motioning for Sherlock to come in. "Well, I guess nothing clears up a case so much as stating it to another person!" T-Rex said. Sherlock sat down, pulling out a notebook labelled "ALL MY GREATEST LINES ARE STOLEN FROM T-REX".
T-Rex: "Oooh, dude, I'm gonna steal that," Sherlock said.
T-Rex: "Tell me about the case," T-Rex said!
Utahraptor: "Okay I will!!" shouted Sherlock, stripping naked.
T-Rex: What? No he didn't! Sherlock Holmes kept his clothes on.
Utahraptor: No, he's naked now. He's asking for your help in "The Mystery of The Two Close Male Friends Who Got Naked With Each Other; The Mystery Was How It Was SO FRIGGIN' HOT".
T-Rex: *gasp*
Narrator: LATER, AT THE PUBLISHING HOUSE:
Off panel: I'm sorry, this reads like historical fiction that decided half-way through it was going to be erotica.
T-Rex: Yes! Yes.
T-Rex (punchline): You say that like it's a bad thing??


T-Rex: Turns out that Bachelor Chow exists! All you need to do is eat...
T-Rex: PET FOOD
T-Rex: Because if you find an animal that's genetically 99.4% the same as you, you can TOTALLY GO TO TOWN on their food! For example, if you're a human, try eating some Monkey Crunch! It's cheap! And crunchy!!
Dromiceiomimus: Maybe I don't want to eat pet food?
T-Rex: Maybe YOU'RE not a human!
Utahraptor: What makes you think humans want to eat monkey food?
T-Rex: What do we REALLY know about them?
T-Rex: Here's what: a) They're small. B) They have their own little internet. C) They will readily consume monkey food??
Utahraptor: There IS a lot we don't know about humans.
T-Rex: I know, right? Like, what are they thinking? What do they want? Why do they cry so much?
T-Rex (punchline): How come they act like they're so special when they really just taste like pork??


T-Rex: Surveys are kinda baloney, you guys! They're kinda phoney baloney to the ultimate max.
T-Rex: And I'm not one to say things like that often!!
T-Rex: Say there's a survey about applesauce: like most dudes, I don't really have APPLESAUCE OPINIONS, so I'm probably not going to answer a whole survey about it! But if I were big into applesauce (or big AGAINST applesauce) I'd be way more into answering the survey. The result is that surveys overrepresent extreme viewpoints, because the only people completing surveys are those INTERESTED in doing so.
Utahraptor: The apathetic ARE typically underrepresented in surveys.
T-Rex: Precisely, my friend!
T-Rex: Surveys get people with opinions, and the bored, and the lonely. But not the apathetic and the jerkasses! You know what jerkasses do when some stranger calls up and asks them questions?
Utahraptor: Hang up the phone?
T-Rex: Utahraptor
T-Rex: [small] sometimes they curse first
T-Rex: Yep!
T-Rex (punchline): That's why they're jerkasses!


T-Rex: One day Poison Ivy was like, what the hell, why am I not the star of the comic? I am a woman who can control plants. I have ACTUAL SUPERPOWERS.
T-Rex: Then she controlled plants to make trees cover the Arctic!
T-Rex: She was like, there, that's climate changed solved. Trees trap carbon and expel delicious oxygen. DONE. Then she brushed off her hands and was like, anything else? I got a few minutes before lunch.
T-Rex: Finally someone else was like "Hey Ivy, what about the Great Pacific Garbage Patch?"
Utahraptor: Then she used algae to grab all the floating plastics and microplastics?
T-Rex: You know it!
T-Rex: Kelp piled on too, making the plastic sink to the ocean floor and right into a subduction plate, where it was drawn into the Earth's mantle and harmlessly destroyed.
Utahraptor: Where was Batman during all this?
T-Rex: While Ivy was giving everyone on Earth a second chance, Batman was punching a murder clown.
Narrator: THE END
Narrator (punchline): P.S.: POISON IVY LATER MADE PLANTS THAT GROW CURES FOR CANCER


T-Rex: The best form of monarchy is CONSTITUTIONAL monarchy! Perhaps you could even say that it's the
T-Rex: KING
T-Rex: of governmental systems?? It's great! You can set it up so you get a figurehead monarch who is fun to print on your money, but the REAL power is still with the people!
Dromiceiomimus: Why have the monarch at all then? Seems like a really expensive way just to keep one rich family happ-
T-Rex: DROMICEIOMIMUS
T-Rex: THOSE ARE FORBIDDEN THOUGHTS
Utahraptor: I'm not afraid to say there's tons of downsides!
T-Rex: Name one!
Utahraptor: You have a crazy useless head of state? Also, you end up with weird pro-regent laws where if you have a Queen everything SECRETLY belongs to her and if you pull an April Fool's prank on her you go to jail.
T-Rex: Come on. That's not a real law.
Utahraptor: *ahem*
Off panel: "Every one who wilfully, in the presence of Her Majesty, does an act with intent to alarm Her Majesty... is guilty of an indictable offence and liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 14 years."
T-Rex: Oh shoot
T-Rex (punchline): Looks like my April Fool's day just opened up


T-Rex: ATTENTION READERS: this book is a direct sequel to whatever book you read last. This book is made entirely out of chapters cut from the end of that OTHER book. Got it?
T-Rex: ARE YOU READY TO GO ON A READING ADVENTURE?
T-Rex: IF YOU ARE A READER, NOW IS THE TIME FOR YOU TO BE SAYING "I GUESS SO!!"
T-Rex: "Wow!! It was all a dream!", said Antonio Tony, as he bolted upright in his bed. "Everything that happened prior to this: TOTALLY IMAGINARY. So crazy!!" He looked around his bedroom. "I think tonight I'll dream ANOTHER narrative or non-fictional tome or two [these are the next books you'll read],' Antonio said. He scratched his neck and tooted, since it was late and nobody was there. "No-one must know," he said, tooting.
Utahraptor: I liked it up to the tooting!
T-Rex: And then you liked it after the tooting too, right?
Utahraptor: I'll say this: it was clever to make the previous and next books part of your story.
T-Rex: It's more than that! ALL books you've read before my story he dreamed last night, and the ones you read afterwards he's dreaming tonight! Every book EVER is now an Antonio dream!
T-Rex: Every author who has OR EVER WILL write anything is adding to this singular and colossal collaborative story! ALL LITERATURE, IN ALL LANGUAGES, IS NOW FANFICTION ABOUT MY CHARACTER. HIS NAME IS ANTONIO TONY; HE FARTED THE BED.
T-Rex (punchline): THIS IS THE VEHICLE WE, AS A PEOPLE, CHOOSE FOR OUR STORIES


T-Rex: I feel as if I've spent the past year in some sort of alternate reality! Indeed, if I were to describe my adventures over the past several months, I would describe them as...
T-Rex: Non-canon!
Narrator: SHORTLY...
T-Rex: Today is a beautiful day to be stomping on things, out here in the REAL world! How are you today, Gertie?
Dromiceiomimus: Just fine, Manospondylus Gigas!
T-Rex: Ha ha! That of course is my name, which is why I am responding to it! I'm fine today, Gertie!
Utahraptor: Manospondylus G.! Want to go out and get hammered?
T-Rex: Hell yes!
Utahraptor: Great. Me and my wife'll meet you at the Nisti Drinker, say, around seven?
T-Rex: Great! I too will bring my wife.
T-Rex and Utahraptor: We're both married!
T-Rex (punchline): Ha ha ha!


T-Rex: From now on, when someone calls Dr. Frankenstein's monster "Frankenstein", I will not correct them!
T-Rex: Attention, world! YOU WIN!
T-Rex: After years correcting people, I am finally conceding this ground. While it is ENTIRELY FACTUAL that Mary Shelley never gave the monster a name as part of a grand symbol for the poor creature's lack of identity, I guess that was pretty much her bad. She should've called him "Stitchy Fleshface" or "Bubba Unhugga" because it turns out we're ENTIRELY UNWILLING to have reanimated flesh walking around without sticking a name on it first.
Utahraptor: Well, it is kind of a dickish thing to correct people on!
T-Rex: It's not!
T-Rex: Any REASONABLE person would relish the correction and-
Utahraptor: Any REASONABLE person would recognize "Frankenstein" could easily be shorthand for "the Frankenstein creature", just as "Toyota" stands for "the Toyota Motor Corporation".
T-Rex: Oh snap! Utahraptor, you've not only proven me wrong, but you've proven ALL PAST VERSIONS of me wrong too! YOU HAVE MADE SOME POWERFUL ENEMIES TODAY!
T-Rex (punchline): MOST OF THEM ARE TRAPPED IN THE PAST THOUGH, SO NO WORRIES!


Off panel: T-Rex, I am a real doctor. Here is your tetanus shot. You'll need to get it again in 10 years.
T-Rex: NOT A PROBLEM!!
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: WAIT, THIS IS ACTUALLY A PROBLEM!!
T-Rex: Let's be honest: it's 100% guaranteed that I'm not going to remember an appointment for a decade! And I'd lose any piece of paper I wrote down a reminder on.
Dromiceiomimus: How about a calendar website or program?
T-Rex: Dude, I don't still use a single piece of software I used 10 years ago! That trend seems likely to continue.
Dromiceiomimus: I guess... a Facebook event?
T-Rex: Oh God! Imagine if I'm using Facebook a decade from now?
Utahraptor: Aw geez. Aw GEEZ.
Utahraptor: Listen, let's make a Facebook event for a decade out that says "SELF, IF YOU ARE STILL ON FACEBOOK WHEN THIS EVENT HAPPENS, THEN WE HAVE MADE SOME BAD FRIGGIN' DECISIONS."
T-Rex: "ALSO: GET YOUR TETANUS SHOT AGAIN"
T-Rex: Two birds with one stone!
Narrator: TEN YEARS LATER:
T-Rex: Oh man! Remember when I set up this event?
Off panel: Oh man! Remember when it was legal not to be on Facebook?
T-Rex (punchline): Oh man! Remember when you wouldn't go to jail if you named your kid something other than "Facebook's V. Cool"??


Narrator: TEN DIFFERENT WAYS TO MEET A NEW GIRLFRIEND OR BOYFRIEND
T-Rex: On the bus, in a store, surfing, skydiving, at a party, before a party, outside a party, on the web, on the internet, or while...
T-Rex: ...mining! You can meet people under the ground!
Dromiceiomimus: That list isn't that helpful, T-Rex! Finding a new sweetie is more than actually meeting them: you have to talk to them, discover shared interests and interesting differences, explore your compatibility, and so on!
T-Rex: I believe you CAN technically do that in all the places I mentioned!
Utahraptor: Okay, maybe you have some tips on striking up a conversation?
T-Rex: Sure!
T-Rex: Open with "Hey there. Want to know more about ME??" and if they say no say "Hah hah, no, seriously" and if they say no say "Okay whatever, you go first and talk about yourself and I'll listen. But you owe me!"
Utahraptor: ...
T-Rex: If you do that you can think "Sweet, when they're done then I get to talk!"
T-Rex: In other news!
T-Rex (punchline): I'm currently single, but I'm certain it's not because of my opinions


T-Rex: I think it is time YET AGAIN to have a manliness competition!
T-Rex: For reals this time!
T-Rex: I'm so manly that whenever I sneeze I accidentally rip open my shirt, because all my muscles flex at once! Sometimes I rip open my SKIN.
Dromiceiomimus: That's gross and you should wear bigger shirts. I'm so manly that when I glance at pregnant women they become pregnant with MY child instead. My line of sight is SO MANLY that it impregnates already pregnant women. Just in case that wasn't clear.
Utahraptor: Man, Chuck Norris did it already!
T-Rex: Who?
Utahraptor: Chuck Norris! You can't tell me that you've been oblivious to the whole "Chuck never cries because he's THAT MANLY" thing. I KNOW you were on the internet 6 months ago.
T-Rex: But I've been having manliness competitions for years! I'm so manly that I punched a car up a hill and then it went all the way up the hill!!
T-Rex (punchline): It Was On The Local News.


T-Rex: Today I will be a patron of the ARTS. Yes. That is a classy thing to be.
T-Rex: Women LOVE patrons!
T-Rex: They love 'em!
T-Rex: Hey Dromiceiomimus, have you noticed the arts lately? I have, and, as a patron, I find them to be very engaging AND artistic... on SEVERAL levels.
Dromiceiomimus: Name one painting that's not the Mona Lisa, The Scream, Starry Night, the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, or the one with the dour couple holding the pitchfork.
T-Rex: Um. The one where the woman - is... surfing?
Utahraptor: Should've done your research, dude!
T-Rex: Whatever! I can come up with painting names later!
Utahraptor: No, so you'd know that a "patron of the arts" doesn't just mean you go to galleries. It means you give a significant amount of money to support art and artists! It's where you put your disposable income.
T-Rex: What? Screw that! MY DISPOSABLE INCOME IS ALL EARMARKED FOR ONE PURPOSE!
T-Rex: THAT PURPOSE IS TO MAKE ME HAPPIER
T-Rex: THROUGH THE PURCHASE OF THINGS
T-Rex: THAT ONLY SERVE TO MAKE ME POORER
T-Rex (punchline): I'M GONNA STOP TALKING NOW AND RE-EVALUATE SOME DECISIONS OKAY


God: T-REX YOUR ASSIGNMENT TODAY IS TO WRITE A POEM ABOUT SADNESS
T-Rex: No problem!
T-Rex: sadness
T-Rex: equals badness!!
T-Rex: Kapow! A perfect jewel of a poem that sums up my feelings about sadness: FRANKLY, I'm not for it.
T-Rex: Sorry haters, but I gotta be me! I honestly don't care for sadness and would prefer, if given the option, to be not sad!!
Utahraptor: Dude, poetry should evoke an emotion. Yours is basically an equation!
T-Rex: HELLO??
T-Rex: I LITERALLY WROTE THE WORD "SADNESS". What could be more evocative of sadness than THE WORD WHICH MEANS THAT EXACT THING?
Utahraptor: I dunno! An alleyway with a puppy shivering in a cardboard box, huddling closer to the unmoving bodies of her brothers and sisters??
T-Rex: Awww!! Dang it dude, why would you make me feel these dumb feelings? Now I gotta go home and silently peer out through a rainy window while I work through this!!
T-Rex (punchline): I HAD PLANS TODAY, FOR YOUR INFORMATION


T-Rex: Who here had a series of dreams last night where they were back in school and missing assignments? The answer: me, T-Rex!
Narrator: T-REX HAD SOME CRAZY DREAMS LAST NIGHT AND HEY, HE'S STILL TALKING ABOUT THEM
T-Rex: It was nuts! I never had such a stereotypical dream before. I got in an assignment late and was trying to convince the professor to accept it, only he didn't want to and kept critiquing my penmanship. Also the assignment was on pink paper. I think it was the only paper I had!
Utahraptor: I had a weird dream last night too!
T-Rex: What was it?
Utahraptor: I was a teacher with a student who kept handing in assignments late, ON PINK PAPER.
T-Rex: NO WAY. NO WAY.
Utahraptor: Yeah man! And I think the student in question was - GREEN??
Narrator: MEANWHILE, IN DREAMLAND!
T-Rex: Professor, there must be SOMETHING I can do to convince you to take this assignment...
Off panel: This dream has taken a turn for the sexy!
T-Rex (punchline): I know!! What is the friggin' deal?


T-Rex: You know what's racist? Folks in stories always want to fight dinosaurs. APPARENTLY, we're all good at fighting!
T-Rex: SO RACIST.
T-Rex: While I freely concede that I PERSONALLY am indeed this generation's ultimate fighting machine, and that I can take you apart piece by piece and leave you in a big sloppy ol' pile for the garbage man to take away next Wednesday, while SIMULTANEOUSLY cutting my nails and barely even noticing these events taking place, not every dinosaur is good in a fight! You shouldn't assume we're all whirlwinds of destruction!
Utahraptor: You know, Batman has this problem too!
T-Rex: Batman!
Utahraptor: Yeah, everyone wants to see if they can take on Batman, just as everyone wants to see if they can take a dinosaur.
T-Rex: Oh my god, that's right - I've got the same problem BATMAN has! Oh man oh man, this is GREAT! I've got a new understanding of Batman!
Narrator: LATER, DISAPPOINTMENT:
T-Rex: Oh wait!!
T-Rex (punchline): I forgot I already HAVE ultimate understanding of Batman


T-Rex: So what's the deal with...
T-Rex: ... POST-COMMUNISM?
Dromiceiomimus: You're going to have to define that for me, T-Rex!
T-Rex: It's what comes after communism, I think. Basically, what's the deal with it?
Utahraptor: You don't have any idea what post-communism is, do you T-Rex?
T-Rex: I freely admit that I do not!
T-Rex: But I ask: assuming it exists, what is its deal?
Utahraptor: Are you really interested? Is this your way of showing interest? I could tell you all about it if you want.
T-Rex: Please!
Narrator: SHORTLY:
T-Rex: Really? No state has ever claimed to have reached a fully communist system, and so the term is inaccurate, etymologically speaking?
T-Rex (punchline): That's pretty cool!


T-Rex: We don't have all of Shakespeare's plays. Turns out, we TOTALLY LOST some of the work of the greatest playwright in the English language ever!
T-Rex: Whoops! Butterfingers!
T-Rex: So yeah, if you're wondering what happened in "The History of Cardenio" then KEEP WONDERING, because none of us kept a copy around. When we were done watching the play we all said "Neat" and then forgot about it forever. When the actors were done they all said "Cool" and then threw their copies in the garbage. And then they died years later and their last words were "Forsooth! Nobody ever asked me to recite my part of Cardenio from memory, OH SNAPS."
T-Rex: PERSONALLY, I think the problem is the title.
Utahraptor: You don't like history?
T-Rex: The play sounds like a lecture! If he'd called his play "Check Out Time... at Hotel Erotical!" or "Good Grieffe, More Robot Suits" then MAYBE people would've kept the play around.
Utahraptor: I don't -
T-Rex: Oh! "Teens! Teeens!! Teeeens!!!" is objectively better too.
Narrator: MEANWHILE, IN TUDOR ENGLAND:
T-Rex: Shakespeare, how about you call your play "Space Quest ]|["?
Off panel: um zero of my characters are questing for space t-rex
T-Rex: Dude!
T-Rex (punchline): WE CAN FIX THAT.


T-Rex: I have patronized a local establishment so often that I'm now a regular! I'm known by name! I can walk in and the woman there will say "the usual, T-Rex?" and I smile and nod like a cool guy!!
T-Rex: IT'S JUST AS I'VE ALWAYS DREAMED!
Dromiceiomimus: Ooh, that IS impressive! what's your usual order; what kind of place is it?
T-Rex: [tiny] ohit'safriedchickenpartsstore
Dromiceiomimus: Sorry?
T-Rex: IT'S A FRIED CHICKEN PARTS STORE, OKAY?
T-Rex: I EAT SO MANY FRIED CHICKEN PARTS THAT I'M KNOWN TO THE FRIED CHICKEN PARTS AUTHORITIES
Utahraptor: But fried chicken body parts are delicious, T-Rex! There's no shame in it!
T-Rex: Isn't there?
T-Rex: I pay people to slice up a chicken and fry its parts SO OFTEN that they know me by NAME.
Utahraptor: Yeah, but that's a relationship! The rest of us pay STRANGERS to butcher a chicken corpse, dunking its breaded parts in oil so that we might cram its flesh inside our bodies via our mouths.
Off panel: Hey, I don't wanna sound weird, but do you want to go pay your friend money to induce her to give us fried chicken remains, so that we might pull their dead flesh off with our teeth and then swallow it?
T-Rex: Dude!
T-Rex (punchline): ABSOLUTELY


T-Rex: I no longer wish to die someday! It's true! I have decided that aging is for CHUMPS.
T-Rex: And as a non-chump, this means I must find a way to be immortal!
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, we've gone over this before! Remember? Immortality could violate conservation of energy laws? Science means that not all dreams can come true?
T-Rex: This is true! But I have found a LOOPHOLE. A loophole... in science!
Utahraptor: Mind describing this "loophole", T-Rex?
T-Rex: Sure! I will simply freeze TIME ITSELF.
T-Rex: That way we ALL get to live forever without breaking any universal laws! Watch!
Utahraptor: Wait, WAIT! We'll never be able to become unfrozen, because that action requires time!!
T-Rex: I'm sure I have no idea what you're tal-
Narrator (punchline): TIMELESS AGES LATER:


T-Rex: I hope I never get BURIED ALIVE!
T-Rex: Yep, that sure would suck!
T-Rex: Boy, would I ever hate to be buried alive.
T-Rex: I can't think of anything I'd dislike more!
T-Rex: I mean - damn! Buried alive!
Utahraptor: Why are you talking like that?
T-Rex: Like what?
Utahraptor: Like you're trying to lead someone on, goading them into burying you alive.
T-Rex: Whoah, is that what I sound like? Oh my gosh!
T-Rex: I don't want to get buried alive at ALL!
T-Rex: I thought stressing that fact would make it clear, but apparently NOT. I drop the subject now!
T-Rex: But don't forget!
T-Rex (punchline): No burying T-Rex alive!


T-Rex: So there's a zombie apocalypse raging in the afterlife. The ghost world is overrun by ghostflesh-eating ghost-zombies.
T-Rex: Ladies and gentlemen: we have lost the spirit realm!
T-Rex: But we have not lost OUR realm! We can do all we can to make THIS world as beautiful and wonderful as we can.
Dromiceiomimus: But how can we do that, knowing that when we die, our ghosts will be consumed by zombie ghosts?
T-Rex: The answer is simple, Dromiceiomimus!
T-Rex: We
T-Rex: don't
T-Rex: die.
Utahraptor: But everybody dies!
T-Rex: Not vampires! Not as long as they stay out of the sun!
T-Rex: And THAT'S how we choose to fight. We choose vampirism. We choose to dedicate our now-immortal lives to rediscovering the ancient science of ghost-on-ghost bustin'. And when we're finally ready, we make our last choice: to step out into the dawn, and begin our ultimate, greatest battle: Dinosaur Vampires vs Zombie Ghosts.
T-Rex: Only we can't call it that because it sounds stupid.
Off panel: "Mourning Glory"?
T-Rex (punchline): I was gonna go with "Mourning Sickness" because of the whole zombie / disease thing but yeah that's way better!!


T-Rex: Why do we say "rest in peace"? Is it just for the "rest in pieces" pun we can make when we explode someone?
T-Rex: Because if so, I approve 100%!
Narrator: THE END
Narrator: ALTERNATE ENDING:
T-Rex: Why do we say "rest in peace"? Is it just -
Utahraptor: It comes from Latin!
Utahraptor: It's a prayer, "requiescat in pace", which also works in English with about the same meaning: rest in peace. It comes from the Christian tradition, which at various points and to various people has held that there is a time of "soul sleep" after death but before judgment.
Narrator: THE END
Narrator: ALTERNATE ENDING:
T-Rex: Dudes!!
T-Rex: If they made "Horse Game 64", I would TOTALLY buy that game!
Narrator (punchline): ALTERNATE WHOLE THING ACTUALLY


Narrator: MID-AFTERNOON:
T-Rex: Whew! What a fantastic nap!
T-Rex: It seems I just had a snooze... and didn't lose!
T-Rex: Ho ho! Did you hear that, Dromiceiomimus? I had a snooze... and didn't lose!
Dromiceiomimus: Yes! Very clever, T-Rex.
T-Rex: Because normally people say "You snooze, you lose", but in my case I didn't lose anything!
Utahraptor: But T-Rex, no matter what you do, you lose! Economics teaches us that there is an opportunity cost for every action.
Utahraptor: And so by "snoozing", you are "losing" out on the chance to do anything you could have done - cure cancer, perhaps!
T-Rex: That's stupid, and since when did we start personifying social sciences?
T-Rex (punchline): My friend, I am simply asking the questions that need to be asked!


T-Rex: So I was a good guy and went to the dentist and got my teeth cleaned and then complained about it, AS IS MY WONT. But I just found out some SHOCKING NEWS!! My friends:
T-Rex: Dentistry is a FAKE IDEA!!
T-Rex: I've been going to this MAMMALIAN dentist and he's all "boo hoo, you need to brush your teeth every day so they don't fall out forever, actually do it three times a day, actually floss too, boo hoo hoo". But the thing is - THAT ONLY APPLIES TO MAMMALS. We dinosaurs can grow back teeth whenever we want! We're TEETH INVINCIBLE.
Utahraptor: Wait, what?! What the hell??
T-Rex: I KNOW!!
T-Rex: It's a conspiracy from Big Dentist, Big Toothbrush, and Big Mammal, but we're FREE now! WE DON'T NEED TO DO IT. A tooth decays, we just AUTOMATICALLY GROW a new one!! IT'S SO GREAT AND I'M NEVER BRUSHING MY TEETH AGAIN.
Utahraptor: Frig, man! ME NEITHER!
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: With all the time freed from brushing, I've solved both my personal problems AND the problems of civilization!!
T-Rex: *sigh*
T-Rex (punchline): And to answer your question, yes my mouth smells like a compost bin but I'm leaning into it


T-Rex: DID YOU KNOW: the point at which Mercury is closest to the sun changes? DID YOU ALSO KNOW: the point at which Jupiter is closest to the sun rotates too, at a different rate?
T-Rex: I know this sounds boring but it ends with EVERYBODY DYING so stay with me!
T-Rex: These two orbits will one day be in sync! When that happens the tiny nudges Jupiter gives to Mercury's orbit add up and Mercury gets friggin' THROWN INTO VENUS'S ORBIT. And you know what happens then?
Dromiceiomimus: Nope!
T-Rex: Well, nobody really does, but it's one of four possibilities!
T-Rex: OPTION 1: Mercury goes off into space.
Utahraptor: Good riddance to bad rubbish!!
T-Rex: OPTION 2: Mercury crashes into the sun.
Utahraptor: Hah! Even better. Hate that stupid planet.
T-Rex: OPTION 3: Mercury and Venus collide, possibly forming "Mercus"? And OPTION 4: Mercury crashes into Earth and kills EVERYONE FOREVER.
T-Rex: Surprise! Turns out our chaotic solar system might kill us all, unless the sun becomes a red giant and does it first!!
Off panel: Yeah, but at least when THAT happens, we get to watch Mercury be destroyed before we burn up. Am I the only one here thinking...
Off panel (punchline): MAYBE worth it??


T-Rex: You and your eleven closest friends go camping. You wake up to discover the floor is lava! But there's rocks too, and they alternate back and forth in a checkerboard pattern!
Narrator: CHECKERS AS SHE IS PLAYED
T-Rex: And it turns out there's another team of campers just two hops away. You're trapped together, so you start moving towards each other. Maybe you can help each other escape!
T-Rex: But then every time - EVERY TIME - when you reach each other, someone decides "screw working together!" and instead STRAIGHT UP MURDERS A DUDE.
Utahraptor: They jump over you and kick you into the lava from mid-air!
T-Rex: Exactly!
T-Rex: Eventually a camper makes it to the opposite side, at which point they get twice as fat and can now hop backwards. I don't know why. This continues until all campers from one side have been eliminated.
Utahraptor: Yes, it certainly is a crazy game!
T-Rex: "GAME"??
[T-Rex is surrounded by multiple question marks]


Off panel: I'm grinning from ear to ear, T-Rex!
T-Rex: Oh shiiiiiiiiiiii-
Narrator: THE DAY T-REX TOOK EVERYTHING LITERALLY
Narrator: LATER:
Dromiceiomimus: We're buried in red tape at work. I've had to jump through hoops all week just to get anything done!
T-Rex: ...I see. Do you - like your job?
Dromiceiomimus: It's okay. I'm always walking on eggshells around my boss though.
T-Rex: That sounds... like okay times? I think?
Utahraptor: I've had to smooth some ruffled feathers at my job too!
T-Rex: Yeah. That sounds pretty satisfying.
Utahraptor: Huh. I guess it is when it works out? It takes time from my work though, and my boss can be a real slavedriver.
T-Rex: What?! That should be illegal!!
T-Rex: I really thought it was actually!
Narrator: THE NEXT DAY, T-REX TAKES EVERYTHING FIGURATIVELY
Off panel: I'm literally being killed to death by this giant bird!!
T-Rex (punchline): My goodness, what a wonderfully evocative metaphor


Narrator: SELF IMPROVEMENT
T-Rex: Sometimes you need to look in the mirror and say "That, my friend, is someone with some friggin' FLAWS."
T-Rex: It sucks, but you have to do it at least sometimes!
T-Rex: Then the next thing you have to do is improve yourself. For example, if you look in the mirror and say "Man, that guy's totally underinformed about world events", then you should follow the news more.
Dromiceiomimus: What are your flaws, T-Rex?
T-Rex: Aha! A trick question! For you see, I ran this exercise JUST THIS MORNING and have thus removed all flaws!
Utahraptor: Okay, what flaws did you remove then?
T-Rex: Two of them, actually!
T-Rex: The first one was that I was TOO HANDSOME, so I just raised my standards some. Now I'm just the right amount of handsome.
Utahraptor: Uh-huh. And the second?
T-Rex: "Too Many Pants".
[no text]


T-Rex: If I go outside when it's super cold, after a few hours I would die. My body would be found inside a giant ice cube.
God: PRETTY SURE FREEZING DOESN'T WORK THAT WAY
T-Rex: My body would be found inside a giant RHETORICAL ice cube!
T-Rex: Similarly, if I hold my breath, that'll kill me after a few minutes too! In fact, if I do ANYTHING uninterrupted for too long it's fatal.
Dromiceiomimus: Even conversation?
T-Rex: Talk for too long and you die of dehydration! You can talk for at most 3 days nonstop and them BAM! Dead!
Utahraptor: Well I for one would like to know what these ceilings are, so I don't hit them accidentally!
T-Rex: Me too!
T-Rex: How long eating carrots is too long? How much sex is fatal sex? How many chuckles in a row until you chuckle your last??
Utahraptor: Like a calorie-counting app, but instead it tells you how long ANYTHING takes to kill you!
T-Rex: YES! Call it, "Too Much Of A Good Thing".
T-Rex: No wait, call it "Death Lurks Everywhere"! No wait, call it "You Can Kiss Yourself To Death, So, Um - Keep That In Mind?"
Off panel: No wait, we should get the software developed before we worry about naming it!
T-Rex: No, wait!!
T-Rex (punchline): That sounds like the boring part!!


T-Rex: Zombies versus vampires! They're the new pirates versus ninjas versus ants that combined themselves together to form the shape of a giant ant!
T-Rex: And the question is: who would win in a fight?
T-Rex: Unfortunately the question is ridiculous because zombies and vampires have no reason to be fighting. Vampires drink blood and zombie blood is all decayed and pooling in their feet. They wouldn't be interested! Correspondingly, zombies eat brains and vampires -
T-Rex: - okay maybe they would fight sometimes.
Utahraptor: And zombies would win, obviously!
T-Rex: Obviously!!
T-Rex: If you're bitten by a zombie then you become a zombie, so all the vampires would eventually be vampire zombies!
Utahraptor: Except if you're bitten by a vampire you become a vampire, so all the zombies would eventually become zombie vampires.
T-Rex: Utahraptor!
Off panel: T-Rex!
T-Rex and off panel (punchline): This is the most poignant example of the futility of war that we've ever seen!!


T-Rex: I just stepped on a rosebush and I'd like to know: who the hell is responsible for plants having thorns on 'em??
God: EVOLUTION
T-Rex: FINE.
T-Rex: Which the hell evolutionary forces are responsible for plants having thorns on 'em??
Dromiceiomimus: I think it's that animals eat the plants, so plants with thorns get eaten less!
T-Rex: ANIMALS. I knew it!! Animals are ALWAYS trying to play me as if my name was Sega!
T-Rex: Well, if you'll excuse me, I'M off to go eat parts of a cow and feel even MORE justified than normal, thanks!!
Utahraptor: Thorns are modified stems: roses technically have "prickles", not thorns!
T-Rex: OKAY FINE WHATEVER
Utahraptor: Also, the evolutionary forces that produced rose prickles include being able to attach to other vegetation easier which helps growth, and being able to trap wind-blown sand which protects a rose's roots. If you want to revenge yourself, dude, revenge yourself on sand.
T-Rex: WAY AHEAD OF YOU
Narrator: EARLIER:
T-Rex: Hey! HEY!
T-Rex (punchline): Quicksand more like quickBLAND


T-Rex: One day Dan was like, "I can do this better. I can bring this places this has never gone before. I can become THE RUDES-
Narrator: THE RUDEST MAN IN THE WORLD
T-Rex: -T MAN IN THE WORLD, yes. Dan managed not to just UNLEARN all politeness society had taught him, but to actively do the opposite! If you spoke, he would talk over you, even if he had nothing to say!
Dromiceiomimus: Would he eat off my plate?
T-Rex: He'd invite himself over, DURING DINNER, just to do it!! And then he'd vomit on YOUR plate, which is rude in at LEAST two ways!
Utahraptor: Four ways, I think.
T-Rex: Oh?
Utahraptor: Check it: 1) Rude to invite yourself over. 2) Rude to eat off someone else's plate. 3) Rude to induce vomiting at the table. 4) Rude to vomit on a plate not your own.
T-Rex: Dan, man. Truly new heights of rudeness.
T-Rex: Anyway, Dan died a rebel who wouldn't follow society's "rules" and everyone around him died knowing that several rules in society are great, such as the rules of politeness which allow complete strangers to interact without causing fistfights all the time.
T-Rex (punchline): THE END.


T-Rex: Sexual ambiguity!
T-Rex: What's it all about?
T-Rex: I mean -
T-Rex: Am I right?
Utahraptor: You seem a little less persuasive than usual!
T-Rex: Hmm!
Utahraptor: Perhaps it's because instead of arguing a point, you're simply asking us if you're right?
T-Rex: Well - come on!
T-Rex: SEXUAL ambiguity!
T-Rex (punchline): What's it all about?


T-Rex: Sherlock Holmes was still dressing up as Batman, but now he had teamed up with Bruce Wayne, who was also dressing up as Batman! "I'm seeing double: FOUR BATMEN" criminals would say!
T-Rex: Yes, criminals were referencing the Simpsons EVEN AS THEY GOT BEAT UP!
T-Rex: "You know," said one Batman, "the Simpsons has been on the air for 25 years so far, so it makes sense that some of the children who started watching it when they were five would grow up to be 30 year old street-level thugs that we punch."
T-Rex: "Agreed," said the other Batman, as they ran around beating up criminals like a couple of Rory Calhouns.
Utahraptor: Soon they discovered a woman dangling above a pool of acid!
T-Rex: "Criminals can be so cruel," said one Batman.
T-Rex: "We can? THANKS, BATMAN!" said Two-Face, as he lowered the woman into the tank. "By the way," he said, gesturing to the eyewear the woman was sporting, "the goggles do nothing."
Utahraptor: "I wonder," said one Batman as they saved the woman, "if there was a Simpsons marathon last night or something."
T-Rex: They took Two-Face to Arkham Asylum. "Which wing should we put this criminal scum in?' The Batmen looked at each other. "PUT IT IN H!" they said, high fiving. THE END.
T-Rex: ...Aw crap!!
T-Rex (punchline): I FORGOT TO WORK IN "BAKE HIM AWAY, TOYS"


T-Rex: Once upon a time Kay found a magic lamp with a genie inside! "You get one wish," the genie said. "And I don't want to hear any complaints about 'only' one wish. I'm giving you the chance to ALTER REALITY here. Geez."
T-Rex: Anyway, Kay wished that every decision she made would be the right one!
T-Rex: Kay then decided to have breakfast: a muffin. It turned out to be the right decision, because just then her fridge exploded and her toaster burst into flame. "Ah," she realized, "I get it: the way my wish works is rather than making my choices good, it makes my considered but discarded alternatives bad. It's one of those ironic consequences wishes."
T-Rex: "I can work with this," she said, smiling.
Utahraptor: So Kay obviously then became a superhero?
T-Rex: SO KAY OBVIOUSLY THEN BECAME A SUPERHERO.
T-Rex: Her speciality was rescuing hostages, because by deciding to rescue the hostage, her wish ensured that the people she decided NOT to rescue - i.e., the kidnappers - would explode, stroke out, cerebral hemorrhage, whatever.
Utahraptor: That's pretty dark.
T-Rex: Yeah, that's pretty Kay!
T-Rex: Later she DIDN'T decide to prevent a bunch of butterflies from flapping their wings, and the world is scoured clean by hurricanes. THE END.
T-Rex (punchline): DID YOU KNOW: as a universe where wishes exist is inherently unstable, this is the best ending we could've hoped for??


T-Rex: You know what's the best thing ever?
T-Rex: The word "bicurious"!
T-Rex: It's funny when people use it, because how long can you be bicurious? You don't sit around all day saying, "Hmmm... I wonder what will happen!" - you look it up on the Internet, or you go out, meet someone in the gender you're interested in, and then afterwards roll over and say, "Curiosity satisfied!"
T-Rex: Then it's high fives all around!
T-Rex: You could say it like, "Curiosity: SATISFIED!"
Utahraptor: Talking up the word bicurious again?
T-Rex: It's a great word!
Utahraptor: For someone who says he isn't "bicurious" you sure spend a lot of time talking about it!
T-Rex: I almost wish I was bicurious, just so I could say, "Curiosity satisfied!"
T-Rex: I'd say it like,
T-Rex (punchline): "Curiosity... SATISFIED!!"


Narrator: ORIGINALLY:
T-Rex: Who cares about feelings?
T-Rex: I tell it like it is!
Narrator: THE EVOLUTION OF SOCIAL GRACES
Narrator: VICTORIAN TIMES:
T-Rex: My lady, wouldst thou be so kind as to prepare me my dinner and birth me my babies?
Dromiceiomimus: Good sir, my heart is aflutter! I will do as you ask.
T-Rex: You have my thanks!
T-Rex: Quickly, now.
Narrator: THE SEXUAL REVOLUTION:
Utahraptor: Let's have (emotionally speaking) consequence-free sex!
T-Rex: What's the secret word?
Utahraptor: Please!
Narrator: THE PRESENT DAY:
T-Rex: Is it still alright to hold a door open for a lady?
Utahraptor: Hmm... I think so, as long as you'd let her hold it open for you.
T-Rex: Now that's fair to BOTH genders!
Narrator: THE FUTURE:
T-Rex: Who cares about feelings?!
Multiple off-panel voices: We tell it like it is!
T-Rex: Damn right! That's because we're all part of a cybernetic collective consciousness.
T-Rex and multiple off-panel voices (punchline): AGREED


Dating profile: My self-summary
Dating profile: My old profile didn't get me any dates from any of the genders, not even the ones I prefer! GUESS WHAT, JERKS??? Here's a new one, try to get more aroused by/at it this time!!
Dating profile: I'm really good at
Dating profile: Sorry I called you jerks everyone
Dating profile: I'm looking for love on a website because
Dating profile: HTTP is the most romantic of all the protocols! Wait this site uses HTTPS, does the "s" stand for "sexy"??
Dating profile: Okay nevermind I looked it up on Wikipedia and turns out the "s" stands for "secure"!
Dating profile: Okay nevermind I fixed Wikipedia! Now HTTPS stands for "Hey There, That's Pretty Sexy!", you can thank me later
Dating profile: On our fifth date I would like to
Dating profile: be respectful / touch you in some places
Dating profile: The most important quality in a romantic partner is
Dating profile: the one that would be rated above any other qualities; guys this seems PRETTY OBVIOUS
Dating profile: i don't know why this text box is so big
Dating profile: In a sexual partner I look for
Dating profile: Explicit oral consent, ladies!!
Dating profile: whoah wait that sounds way creepy now that i've written it out
Dating profile (punchline): whooaaahhhhhhhhh


T-Rex: What a good mood I am in today!
T-Rex: I declare: high fives all around!
T-Rex: Hey Dromiceiomimus! Give me a thigh five!
Dromiceiomimus: A what?
T-Rex: What? Whoah, I meant to say "A high five", of course!
T-Rex: Oh man. What an embarrassing slip of the tongue! I have to go now!
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: What the heck? A thigh five? Where did that even come from?
Utahraptor: What's going on?
T-Rex: Oh, hey Utahraptor. DID YOU KNOW that I just accidently asked the Dromiceiomimus to give me a thigh five?
Utahraptor: Hah hah! I did NOT! What would that be, anyway? You both on your backs, slappin your legs together in the air?
T-Rex: My friend, thigh fives are a ridiculous way of expressing enthusiasm. I am aware of this!
T-Rex (punchline): This is not the issue here!


T-Rex: An Open Letter To The Tiny Aliens Who Are Controlling Robot Suits, Operating Controls Inside The Head, And Passing As Regular Dinosaurs!
T-Rex: (The Eyes Act As Viewscreens, Obviously!)
T-Rex: Dear Tiny Aliens, I'm sorry, I just keep thinking "if you have robot suits, why not go all the way and build ACTUAL ROBOTS to explore our planet for you? Why assume the risks AND expense of both injury AND life-support by putting your tiny adorable selves inside robot heads?" Surely there's more rational ways of doing this!! Hit me back, T-Rex.
Utahraptor: Now, I can't presume to speak for tiny aliens operating controls inside robot heads (the eyes are viewscreens) -
T-Rex: Sure!
Utahraptor: - but if I WERE to speak for them, I'd probably say "HOW ARROGANT TO ASSUME YOU'D UNDERSTAND NOT ONLY OUR LITERALLY ALIEN MOTIVATIONS, BUT ALSO OUR ENTIRE SOCIO-ECONOMIC SYSTEM!!"
T-Rex: Oh no!
Utahraptor: "YOUR PLANET IS NOW FORFEIT!!"
T-Rex: OH NO
Narrator: LATER, NOTHING CHANGES:
T-Rex (punchline): Dear Tiny Aliens, Seriously though, I can't figure out how it's in any way sustainable. Best, T-Rex.


T-Rex: It's the future! We write on tiny keyboards and on networks where each keystroke is at a premium. I'm not gonna spell out "therefore" when I can type "ther4"!
T-Rex: The English language needs to evolve to keep up!!
T-Rex: Rather than the MAN expecting me to follow a spelling rule that was invented back when we were so dumb we never even thought of TELEPHONES, maybe we should just change the rules to keep up with how the language is actually used??
T-Rex: MAYBE?
T-Rex: ALSO THESE RULES WERE INVENTED BACK WHEN WE LITERALLY THOUGHT OWNING PEOPLE WAS RAD; JUST SAYING??
Utahraptor: I can't believe you think "ther4" is the future of "therefore"!
T-Rex: Ah, the voice of prejudice!
Utahraptor: Is it? Or is it that SMS shorthand is cryptic and distancing and incredibly difficult to take seriously? Are we going to live in a future where cops actually write "Sry bt ur bro'z ded?"
T-Rex: I sure hope so!! That officer saved valuable keystrokes. Now he has more time to arrest criminals.
Narrator: MEANWHILE IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE T-REX GOT HIS WISH:
Off panel: Lt us ther4 brace rselvs 2 r duties, &amp; so bear rselvs dat f d british mpah &amp; itz cmnwlth lst 4 a thou yrs, men wil stil say, 'This wuz thR finest hour.'
T-Rex: Wow.
T-Rex (punchline): It sure wuz


Narrator: WHAT HAPPENS AFTER YOU DIE
T-Rex: Whoah! Sounds intense!
T-Rex: So let's find out!!
T-Rex: Here we have a dead Dromiceiomimus, who died because she was too smokin' hot and too smokin' brilliant.
Dromiceiomimus: Aw, thanks T-Rex!
T-Rex: But as you can see even though she's dead, she's PRETTY FINE. Whoah, I didn't even mean that in the "fine as in sexy" sense!! That's awesome!
T-Rex: And here is Utahraptor, also a corpse!
Utahraptor: I'm not dead!
T-Rex: As you can see, he denies the fact of his death and walks the earth, a restless spirit, unable to pass into the next realm.
Utahraptor: I'm not a ghost. I eat food!
T-Rex: He is a ghost who eats our food. He doesn't even need to!
T-Rex: What a dick!!
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex (punchline): I hope we all learned a lot today


T-Rex: It's hard to come up with new sayings, like "the early bird gets the worm"! I'VE TRIED. But I've noticed they all have one thing in common:
T-Rex: They're all really concise!
T-Rex: So I thought: what if I turned the process around backwards? That way all I need to do is come up with a catchy, concise phrase, and then we can decide on what deep truth it reveals later!
Dromiceiomimus: So what's your phrase?
T-Rex: Oh, I don't know: how about... "TCP/IP will guarantee delivery order?"
Utahraptor: Too boring and way too specific!
T-Rex: Yeah. Yeah, I can see that.
T-Rex: How about "The less-early bird gets fewer worms"?
Utahraptor: Too derivative!
T-Rex: "The late bird may get no worms at all! It depends on worm supply, however as worms may be late too, tardiness can be an advantageous strategy for a given bird."
T-Rex: "Further research and modelling is necessary. For more information, consult the Wikipedia article on 'adaptation'".
Off panel (punchline): I LOVE IT


T-Rex: Hey God! Here's something your precious "science" can't prove!
God: WHAT
God: WHAT
God: SINCE WHEN IS IT MY SCIENCE
T-Rex: Prove to me that the world wasn't created 1 millisecond ago!
God: WELL I MEAN THE FACT YOU'RE NOT 1 MILLISECOND OLD IS WHERE I'D START WITH THAT ONE
T-Rex: Doesn't work! You could've JUST NOW set up the universe and given everyone fake memories! And like, MOMENTUM.
God: THAT SEEMS LIKE A LOT OF WORK JUST SO I CAN HAVE THIS CONVERSATION
God: THIS FRANKLY TWO OUT OF A POSSIBLE FIVE STARS CONVERSATION
Utahraptor: I'd be more concerned with the chance our universe is OLDER than we think, not younger!
T-Rex: Explain!
Utahraptor: You know how in games sometimes you'll save right before your guy dies, so you'll keep restoring over and over, hoping that this time you'll be able to save your dude?
T-Rex: Holy crap. We could be reliving the same few moments over and over and have NO IDEA.
Utahraptor: Even death would offer no escape.
God: HAHA WOW
God: OH MAN IT'S LIKE
God (punchline): IMAGINE CARING THAT MUCH ABOUT ONE SINGLE DUDE


T-Rex: Here are some things that are joyous!
T-Rex: Puppies! And little birds with tiny ADORABLE wings!
T-Rex: And then throw in a happy little girl with a bow in her hair to play with the puppies and the birds. Ooh! And give her a bright blue balloon that's printed with the words, "Congratulations everyone, on curing all diseases!"
Dromiceiomimus: And another one that says "We all get to live forever now!"
T-Rex: And her THIRD balloon says "Also we replaced hate... with SNUGGLES."
Utahraptor: And the balloons are filled with pure joy!
T-Rex: Yes!
T-Rex: Joy has been distilled into a useful gaseous resource! And everyone's so happy that it's basically infinite. We all keep being joyous, and our balloons keep getting more full. When they pop, it's not with a bang, but rather with the intimate sound of a lover's sigh at the end of a rousing session of SEXUAL CONGRESS!!
Narrator (punchline): WARNING: THAT IS NOT APPROPRIATE


T-Rex: Everyone! I have some important news! Gather round, for I have a complaint about
T-Rex: KIDS TODAY
T-Rex: and it is as follows: they care too much about follower counts and being internet famous! They should be like when I was a kid and not worry about this stuff because it's not invented yet! They should not be monetizing their childhood, trying to go viral and tying their self-worth to whatever #engagement they get on their #content before they even graduate middle school!!
Utahraptor: And yet!
T-Rex: ...and yet?
Utahraptor: And yet, internet fame means that IF you need to launch a crowdfunding campaign - perhaps for unexpected medical bills - you have a much greater chance of success. Not to mention corporations bend over backwards if you complain while famous. In many ways, internet fame is a real investment in their future!
T-Rex: ...Utahraptor, sometimes I would like to complain about things without being proven wrong!
Off panel: Ah. "Adults today", am I right?
T-Rex: No, you are NOT right, for reasons which...
T-Rex (punchline): ...for reasons which I am sure I will discover and dictate to you very soon


T-Rex: Bad news, everyone! Feelings you experience without sharing them with LITERALLY EVERYONE AROUND YOU are over now. From now on, all emotions are performative emotions!
T-Rex: AHHH I'M SO EXCITED AND YOU CAN TELL BECAUSE I'M SCREAMING IN A RESTAURANT
T-Rex: Remember that feeling you'd have on your birthday, when everyone watched you unwrap a present, and you'd sit there knowing what response they want and hoping you can perform it to their standards lest you appear ungrateful or selfish? Well, it's mandatory now.
Dromiceiomimus: And you'd BETTER be posting about each feeling you have.
T-Rex: WITH PICS. Pics or it didn't happen to your emotional equilibrium.
Utahraptor: What about those of us who don't feel compelled to share our every feeling with -
T-Rex: SILENCE, THAT'S OVER NOW
T-Rex: Listen: the best feelings are the ones that get the most likes. You didn't sign up to social media to NOT get likes, did you?
Utahraptor: I - I guess not.
T-Rex: Well. There's your answer.
Narrator: AND SO:
T-Rex: Guys! When I opened up YouTube and turned on my webcam first thing this morning, I felt a long and sustained sense of endless, fathomless ennui!!
T-Rex (punchline): Alright my dudes, don't forget to like and subscribe


T-Rex: I don't like missing out on awesome things, but I'm worried that awesome things are happening ALL THE TIME AROUND ME AHHHHHH
Narrator: T-REX HAS DEVELOPED A FEAR OF MISSING OUT
Narrator: HAH HAH OH WELL
T-Rex: I went to a party last night, even though I was really tired and would've preferred to stay in and observe lights and sounds arranged into entertaining shapes according to instructions recovered from a transmitted data stream! You know why?
Dromiceiomimus: Because you wanted to party instead of watching television shows?
T-Rex: FEAR OF MISSING OUT, exactly!!
Utahraptor: Well I was at a DIFFERENT party last night and I caught myself checking my phone all the time!
T-Rex: Why?
Utahraptor: Because I was worried there were better things happening at a different party! Every choice we make limits our options, and thanks to the internet we can be made constantly aware of all the things we COULD be doing, and how well they stack up against the things we actually ARE doing!
Off panel: Then I tried to cheer myself up by thinking how much of EVERYTHING people from history times missed out on, but then I realized all the FUTURE AWESOME STUFF that I'm never going to get to see!! And now I'm sad forever!
Off panel (punchline): Well bye


T-Rex: Going to the dentist means lying down and baring your teeth and paying a stranger to scrape at them: kinda sucky at the best of times. But then I realized!
T-Rex: Dentists are totally CYBERNETICISTS.
T-Rex: I know, Dromiceiomimus, I was skeptical of myself too! But teeth naturally accumulate plaque and decay. Dentists apply technology to biological life (me!) to upgrade my smile and stop biological decline! Isn't that what cyberneticists do??
Dromiceiomimus: Cyberneticists study the structure of regulatory systems.
T-Rex: Honestly I don't know what you feel that brings to the conversation
Utahraptor: Doesn't technology have to be implanted to make you a cyborg?
T-Rex: They implant fillings!
T-Rex: Dentists are cyberneticists that operate with metal scrapers instead of experimental medical contraband, and the result is cleaner teeth instead of glowing red pupils.
Utahraptor: I suppose!
T-Rex: I've bribed cyberneticists to ply their trade and enhance my fragile mortal body!!
T-Rex (punchline): [animated tooth sparkle]


T-Rex: There are not enough internet acronyms. If I want to speak entirely in internet acronyms like LOL and ROFL -
T-Rex: - WHICH I DO -
T-Rex: - then my emotions are limited to only the crudest of feelings! I can laugh out loud, or I can roll on (the) floor laughing, but what if I'm just chuckling? What if I have a condescending smirk that fades into a distant smile of recognition? What if I want to communicate the nostalgia you have for an old girlfriend when you're dating someone who's way better, but you still miss her sometimes? IS THERE AN ACRONYM FOR THAT, INTERNET??
Utahraptor: "IMMOGBNR".
T-Rex: Immogebeaner?
Utahraptor: Yep! Stands for "I Miss My Old Girlfriend, But Not Really". Used all the time.
T-Rex: Huh! Is there one for, like, groups of people who draw pictures of kinky sex?
Utahraptor: Sure! "We Illustrate Kinks Involving Phallocentric Euphoria During Intercourse. Awesome."
T-Rex: WIKIPEDIA! Oh my God! Has it stood for that all along?
Off panel: It's the Secret Mission of Wikipedia! Don't tell anyone, okay?
T-Rex: Hah! Awesome!
T-Rex (punchline): ...Why didn't they just say so?


T-Rex: September is coming, and that means BACK TO SCHOOL!
T-Rex: Woo! Back to school!
T-Rex: I can't decide what I like more: the fantastic back-to-school savings, OR the renewed chance at educational glory? I guess I like them both equally.
T-Rex: No wait, I like the savings more!!
Utahraptor: But you don't even go to school! "Back to school" season has zero effect on your life.
T-Rex: But Utahraptor!
T-Rex: The COMMERCIALS! The deals on three-ringed binders! I just want to be a part of that.
Utahraptor: You were a part of that, when you were YOUNGER. Now you're older and your role is to tease kids about going back to school. Old guy jokes like "Back to PRISON, eh?" are your new milieu!
T-Rex: I'm not old! My young and fun interests include disparaging authority figures and "hanging out" with my friends, UTAHRAPTOR.
Off panel: Only old guys would put "hanging out" in finger quotes, T-REX.
T-Rex: Utahraptor!
T-Rex (punchline): ...Perhaps!!


T-Rex: One day Peta Parka was bitten by a radioactive mite and gained mite-like powers.
T-Rex: I need not remind everyone that mites are similar BUT LEGALLY DISTINCT from spiders!
T-Rex: She decided to fight crime as Mite-y Woman, but unbeknownst to her Doctor Septo Septavius was working with three mind-controlled robot arms when there was some radiation there too, and that mess got fused to her body. This gave her seven limbs total, so she started on the supply side of crime as Doctor Starfish! Because certain breeds of starfish have seven limbs!
Dromiceiomimus: Ah.
Utahraptor: What amazing, novel, and free-from-the-encumbrances-of-copyright characters!
T-Rex: I KNOW
Utahraptor: But is there any particular reason why someone would want to read about "Peta Parka" and "Doctor Septavius" when they could read ACTUAL comics and get characters that are figuratively and in some cases LITERALLY one better than yours??
T-Rex: YES. And I'll tell you why...
T-Rex (punchline): [small] My characters kiss on each other, like, ALL the time


Narrator: T-REX AND HIS WACKY DINOSAUR FRIENDS
T-Rex: Time to visit all my wacky friends!
Narrator: SOON:
T-Rex: Oh hey, Dromiceiomimus, my wackiest of wacky friends! What are you up to? Some crazy scheme, no doubt!
Dromiceiomimus: I'm selling unwanted possessions on eBay!
T-Rex: Ha ha! That's WACKY.
Utahraptor: T-Rex!!
T-Rex: Utahraptor!
T-Rex: YOU, I think, are surely my wackiest of friends! What news?
Utahraptor: The school is burning down! Quick, we need your help to fight the fire!
T-Rex: Certainly! But I warn you: a school burning down?
T-Rex (punchline): Pretty wacky!


T-Rex: Okay, it's time for a TRUE horror story, for reals this time. Prepare yourself to be SO TERRIFIED that your mind breaks; prepare to be reduced to GIBBERING MADNESS!
T-Rex: Prepare to lose your job for gibbering madness all the time!
T-Rex: Prepare to rely on our social safety net and go on welfare. PREPARE FOR YOUR ENTIRE LIFE TO CHANGE as soon as you read my chilling words of blinding insanity and congealed terror, safely printed on non-toxic paper that you read while holding the book at a reasonable distance!
Dromiceiomimus: Okay! I've prepared for all those things, T-Rex.
Utahraptor: Yeah, let's hear your story! We're all hella prepared for terror and madness.
T-Rex: Okay, but I warned you!
T-Rex: Ahem. One day a murderer went crazy and sliced people in half until they DIED. He killed everyone in town and then he turned to the camera and said he'd kill YOU, the reader!!
T-Rex: THE END!!
Off panel: ...Are you looking for feedback?
T-Rex: ARE YOU LOOKING FOR MORE HORROR?
T-Rex and off panel (punchline): Not really I guess


T-Rex: What would be the best thing for me to do tonight? As I see it, I could do the dishes, or I could mop the floors, or I GUESS I could invent an elixir that gives me the strength of twenty men.
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: Or I guess I could do all three!
Narrator: THE NEXT MORNING:
T-Rex: And that's the amazing true story of how I invented my elixir, Dromiceiomimus.
Dromiceiomimus: And it really works? It gives you the strength of twenty men?
T-Rex: ALMOST. It actually gives me the strength of twenty girlfriends!
T-Rex: They're tough girlfriends.
Utahraptor: I'm uh, I'm still not really solid on what the elixir does.
T-Rex: Strength! 20 girlfriends!
Utahraptor: Yeah, I get that! So, what: the mental strength, self-confidence and I guess time-management skills intrinsic to having twenty girlfriends?
T-Rex: No. What? I don't know how to explain it better. If twenty girlfriends can lift up a car then I can lift up that car too.
Narrator: SPECIAL "A SOFTER WORLD" ENDING:
[the rest of the panel text resembles paper strips with typerwriter font, as in "a softer world"]
Typewriter strip: with the strength of 20 girlfriends I can lift up cars
Typewriter strip: i can juggle pianos
Typewriter strip (punchline): so i really don't see how winning your heart requires 21


T-Rex: Batman stopped Two-Face from robbing a bank, then dropped him off at jail. "It's time 'to face' justice!" Bats said in a way he thought was both grim AND hilarious!
T-Rex: Unfortunately for him, Two-Face and the police officers there did not agree!
T-Rex: "I think it's pretty clear he's in the midst of a prolonged mental health crisis," Commissioner Gordon said, quietly. "Is this really the best time to be making puns based on his name? Especially since it's a name he took only after suffering severe physical trauma?? The one when he got horribly scarred, I mean. Not the one when you beat him up just now."
Utahraptor: Batman's really dug himself a hole here, hasn't he?
T-Rex: YEP!
T-Rex: Gordon was gonna say another thing, but then he glanced away, and Batman did that thing where he disappears whenever you glance away. Later on Batman sent Two-Face some get-well-soon flowers, but on the card he said "I hope this makes a DENT in your sadness": another name pun, so really Batman, what are you even doing?
Narrator: THE END
Narrator (punchline): VIGILANTISM IS COMPLICATED I GUESS


T-Rex: You have an old hunk of plastic, and you don't want it anymore! So you throw it away. Littering's cool to you! Unfortunately, your garbage plastic is disc shaped such that it gathers lift when thrown with sufficient angular momentum!
Narrator: FRISBEE AS SHE IS PLAYED
T-Rex: But one of your friends is like "Yo, I'll take that", so they run like hell to catch it. But then they're like "Hold on, this is garbage, I don't want this either" and they toss it away too. And you're really excited - free garbage!! - so you run to catch it, only then you realize it's the same plastic you didn't want in the first place. Listen, I -
T-Rex: I think you guys might be touched in the head.
Utahraptor: Could this task be made more, oh I don't know, XTREME? Perhaps... ULTIMATE?
T-Rex: In fact it can!
T-Rex: Throw some modified football rules on top and now large groups of people can play "Who Wants The Garbage, I Do, Wait No I Don't".
Utahraptor: Ah.
T-Rex: We all must find our own path in life, Utahraptor, and for some it's playing "no, YOU throw it out" for points.
T-Rex: When the hunk of plastic IS finally successfully put in the garbage, its plastic molecules will last in the ecosystem for thousands of years.
Narrator (punchline): THE END


Narrator: THINGS THAT T-REX HAS GOTTEN FOR FREE IN THE MAIL COMICS
Narrator: PANTYHOSE (2 PAIR):
T-Rex: I gave them to my mother for her birthday! What a good son!
Narrator: INTERNET OSTRICH MEAT STICKS:
T-Rex: Hmmm... they tasted like regular meat sticks, I guess!
Dromiceiomimus: What do those taste like?
T-Rex: Like spicy leather? I wouldn't have eaten them under normal circumstances, but, you know, free internet ostrich meat.
Narrator: BREAKFAST SHAKES:
Utahraptor: And how did that taste?
T-Rex: They were so vile. I literally could not understand it.
Narrator: DEPENDS BRAND ADULT DIAPERS:
Utahraptor: Did you try them? Did they work??
T-Rex: ONLY BRIEFLY. It turns out they're meant for the elderly, not for virile young dudes! They don't say this on the package though.
T-Rex: Nooo way.
Narrator: A BEANIE CAP WITH A GLOW-IN-THE-DARK PROPELLER ON TOP:
Off panel: How come you don't wear it?
T-Rex: 'Cause it's a beanie cap with a glow-in-the-dark propeller on top?
T-Rex (punchline): [small] Also I think I broke the propeller.


T-Rex: So a friend of mine got a cell phone!
T-Rex: I know!
T-Rex: I'm of the belief that some businessmen who are never in the office could use them, but that most people don't REALLY need one. Therefore, they are allowed to be teased by me!
T-Rex: Ho ho! They are allowed to be teased by me whenever they use their phone, even if it's in an emergency!
Utahraptor: But you didn't tease this person, right?
T-Rex: Right!
Utahraptor: Well, that's good. I think people with cell phones get teased enough.
T-Rex: It was going to be really good, though! I was going to call really early. I would have said, "DO YOU LIKE YOUR CELL PHONE NOW??"
T-Rex (punchline): "HELLO"


T-Rex: Ebenezer Scrooge, who was the guardian of all our tomorrows, frowned over the reports the latest Ghost of Futures Yet To Come had shown him. It had been disasters every night for the past month, but tonight what he saw was even worse.
T-Rex: Tonight, Ebenezer Scrooge saw APOCALYPSE.
T-Rex: For weeks, he'd been doing his best to course-correct events in order to prevent these awful futures, but if anything his efforts were only making things worse. The world was spinning out of control, and Ebenezer - even with his ghostly prescience - found himself entirely unable to prevent it. The world seemed doomed... and for the first time, there was nothing he could do.
Utahraptor: So what'd he do? Did HE become a ghost to warn other, more powerful people?
T-Rex: Well, he -
Utahraptor: Or did he conclude that, much as preventing ALL forest fires lets deadfall pile up and makes megafires possible, small disasters were similarly required, thus making HIM responsible for this new catastrophe? Or did he reason that Cassandra failed from disbelief, and so took world leaders with him on his ghostly trips?
Off panel: Or did he pull a Hari Seld-
T-Rex: UTAHRAPTOR
T-Rex: STOP HAVING IDEAS THAT ARE BETTER THAN MINE
T-Rex (punchline): I WAS JUST GONNA HAVE HIM TRY HARDER OR SOMETHING, FRIG


T-Rex: Yes! Finally. FINALLY. Today I am victorious! TODAY IS THE DAY I GET TO SAY "I TOLD YOU SO!"
T-Rex: *ahem*
T-Rex: Attention, everyone!!
T-Rex: I told y'all CLEARLY so!!
Dromiceiomimus: What did you tell us all so about, T-Rex?
T-Rex: See, when I was a kid I was bullied by jocks for being a "computer nerd", but now EVERYONE uses a computer all the time AND carries one around in their pocket, which means I WAS RIGHT and the jocks have become all that they once hated! Computers ARE cool and fun! IT'S JUST AS I SUSPECTED!
Utahraptor: Counterpoint: computer nerds ARE actually kinda awful!
T-Rex: EXPLAIN!
Utahraptor: Computer nerds gave us pervasive surveillance, data break-ins so common they no longer make the news, and Facebook. And that's not getting into the cultural problem how many are the richest and most powerful people alive, but still act (and self-justify) like they're downtrodden underdogs.
Off panel: My point is this: if I COULD go back in time kick sand in Zuckerberg's face at the beach, I would. Can any of us TRULY say otherwise??
T-Rex: Oh my gosh, Utahraptor!! NERDS...
T-Rex (punchline): ...NERDS HAVE TURNED US ALL INTO JOCKS


T-Rex: Alright guys, I'll go right out and say it. We could all use a little SEXUAL TENSION all up ons!
T-Rex: "All up ons" is slang that means "around here or whatever"!, just FYI!
T-Rex: And "just FYI" is slang that means "just Friggin' Yell It", which means "please excuse my minced oath, but listen to what I have said and repeat it at full volume".
Dromiceiomimus: ...Sexual tension?
T-Rex: Yes! We need some! It's what everyone wants!
Utahraptor: Who's everyone?
T-Rex: Everyone!
T-Rex: When you watch TV you yell "It'd be SUPER AMAZING if the two leads were always about to kiss and then someone knocks on the door, or one of them says 'We can't' and bites their knuckle!" That could be us!
Utahraptor: I do often yell that at TVs.
T-Rex: See? I'm wielding a truth bayonet over here!
T-Rex: I'm dropping truth bombs, and NOW I'm laying truth mines! They're diabolical machines that will keep exploding truth long after we and everyone we know is dead and gone. They're - they're just terrible.
T-Rex: ...
T-Rex (punchline): Utahraptor I made myself sad!!


T-Rex: There comes a time in each dinosaur's life when he or she must look him or herself in his or her mirror and -
T-Rex: - Excuse me for a moment.
T-Rex: English! What the HELL?
T-Rex: We need some gender-neutral pronouns, like, yesterday!
T-Rex: "It" is impersonal and rude, and don't even try to trot out "they" for me, English. Don't even. "They" is plural and has always been plural and I've got to believe in the entire history of English communication I'm not the first person to ever want to talk about someone without blabbing about gender identity! I could use "s/he" but that doesn't work orally, "his/her" is way cumbersome and "one" is so classy that only I ever get to use it!
Utahraptor: People have invented pronouns like "hir", "phe", "zhe", and "thon"!
T-Rex: Hah! "Thon". THON ENJOY THIS.
T-Rex: BUT THON THINK INVENTED PRONOUNS ALWAYS SOUND STRANGE? THON STILL LOOK FOR SOLUTION TO SATISFY EVERYONE.
Utahraptor: Well if you don't like both the existing options AND the constructed ones, what's left?
T-Rex: THON NOT KNOW BUT THON KNOW IT WHEN THON SEE IT.
T-Rex: WAIT, THON DECIDE THAT "THON" ACTUALLY AWESOME WORD AND EVERYONE SHOULD USE IT!
T-Rex: OTHERS NOW SAY "THERE COME A TIME WHEN THON MUST LOOK THONSELF IN MIRROR".
T-Rex (punchline): THON AGREE! THON HAVE LOT OF INTROSPECTION TO DO. THON BELIEVE UNEXAMINED LIFE NOT WORTH LIVING!!


T-Rex: Superman has given Batman a small supply of kryptonite, so if Superman ever goes CRAZY and starts killing people, Batman can take him down.
T-Rex: This, my friends, is the true meaning of friendship!
T-Rex: Superman trusts Batman with his LIFE. Can you imagine, Dromiceiomimus? It would be like me giving you a gun with bullets that ONLY SHOOT ME, except you're grimmer, and people make gay jokes about you even though come on, Robin is just a ward, and your parents were murdered by a dude named "Joe Chill" of all things, and also you live in a cave.
Dromiceiomimus: Also, YOU can shoot lasers with your eyes.
T-Rex: Also that, yes.
Utahraptor: So the true meaning of friendship is trusting your BFF to kill you?
T-Rex: Absolutely! That's awesome!
T-Rex: Can you imagine having that kind of relationship with someone? That kind of trust, but also the dark underscoring of the fact that you know they'll do what's necessary if they have to?
Utahraptor: I guess!
T-Rex: Do - do you want ME to maybe shoot you if you start slappin' folks around?
Narrator: THAT NIGHT, T-REX VISITS A RADIO STATION AND INSISTS ON TALKING ABOUT BATMAN:
T-Rex (punchline): The thing is, Nora, if knowledge about Batman was profitable, I would be driving around in a pretty fancy rocket car


T-Rex: So we all know about Medusa and how her gaze turned peeps to statue peeps and then they cut off her head. But imagine if she wasn't an only child! IMAGINE IF SHE HAD SISTERS??
T-Rex: Okay! Stop imagining because it turns out she totally had sisters!
T-Rex: They're named Euryale and Stheno and like Medusa they have crazy snake hair too! And they're more powerful than her because THESE sisters are immortal.
Dromiceiomimus: How come we never hear about them?
T-Rex: Because could you keep going to work and being a productive member of society if you knew IMMORTAL SNAKEHAIR WOMEN were running around?
Dromiceiomimus: I suppose that would be a good excuse not to
Utahraptor: How many people did they turn to stone?
T-Rex: ZERO. They claimed they couldn't!
T-Rex: But in my story they're actually the only ones who CAN stonify people, and they can control it. They prank their kid sister Medusa to make her think SHE'S doing it unwillingly, but the pranks go too far and she gets murdered. And now her sisters want revenge: a dish, I remind you, which is best served cold.
T-Rex: ...STONE cold.
T-Rex: Oooh! Or alternatively, they could also be weed-hungry teens in a comedy called "Those Darn Stoners!!"
T-Rex (punchline): The problem of the artist isn't not having any ideas, it's having TOO MANY IDEAS while also being made of flesh that will die someday!


T-Rex: It's the very near future! So GUESS WHAT??
T-Rex: People can generate fake videos of real people doing anything they want!
T-Rex: At first, it's just Hollywood that reacts, as it's only with a multimillion dollar budget that convincing videos can be generated, which leaves actors reduced to licensing their likenesses and doing voiceover work. But it doesn't take long before the technology is cheap, then free, then available on every phone. AND THEN WHAT??
Utahraptor: AND THEN THE WORLD IS DESTROYED AS WE CAN NO LONGER TRUST ANY VIDEO WE SEE?
T-Rex: Nah.
T-Rex: We just learn not to BLINDLY trust videos, just as we no longer blindly trust still images because they could be altered. And JUST MAYBE, this leads to a larger ability to independently consider the sources of information, leading to a more informed, less easily manipulated public!!
T-Rex: Also!
T-Rex (punchline): It leads to fans generating illegal Star Wars movies that are way better than the originals, so that's TWO things to look forward to


T-Rex: I have friends because I like them, and I like them because they're fun and GUESS WHAT, I LOVE HAVING FUN.
T-Rex: WHY WOULD YOU BE FRIENDS IF IT'S NOT TO HAVE FUN ALL THE TIME??
Narrator: LATER:
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, I've been feeling down lately and I was hoping talking about it with a friend would help!
T-Rex: Oh geez, yes! Of course, I would be happy to help!
T-Rex: Let's talk this out, Drotimes!!
Narrator: LATER:
Utahraptor: T-Rex, can you help me move AGAIN?
T-Rex: Sure I'd be happy to!
Narrator: LATER:
Utahraptor: T-Rex, thanks for helping me move!
T-Rex: No problem! Now is it finally time to have fun? Now can I get what I want out of this friendship?
Utahraptor: Nope! I gotta set all this stuff up. But thanks!
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: Whatever! Turns out I've become emotionally invested in other people's happiness, so their happiness increases my own!!
T-Rex (punchline): SUCK ON THAT, PAST ME


Narrator: "FIFTY-TWO MOVIES IN FIFTY-TWO DAYS"
T-Rex: I challenge myself to watch fifty-two movies in fifty-two days!
Narrator: FIFTY-TWO DAYS LATER:
T-Rex: Some of them were pretty okay, I guess.
T-Rex: *sigh*
Utahraptor: Hey, YOU look like you're feeling a little disillusioned about film!
T-Rex: Good eye!
T-Rex: I am, a little! It wasn't the point of my experiment, but holy, there are SO MANY BAD MOVIES.
Utahraptor: There's so many bad everythings!
T-Rex: It's true! My friend, have we become elitist snobs? Are we too good for anything?
T-Rex (punchline): Have we - finally - become "too cool for school"?


T-Rex: So light behaves like both a particle and a wave, right? And I can hit dudes with particles. Is there nothing stopping me from making a light cannon, which, when fired, throws dudes up against the wall?
T-Rex: Weaponized photons!
Dromiceiomimus: But T-Rex - photons don't have any mass, do they? If they had mass, wouldn't that mean that walking outside on a sunny day would mean being hit with trillions of tiny bullets, reducing everything to a red, pulpy, well-lit paste?
T-Rex: But then how do solar sails work? And photon engines? Don't they work by photons pushing against things? HAS SCIENCE FICTION BEEN LYING THROUGH ITS SCIENCE TEETH??
Utahraptor: Maybe even without mass, photons can still exert pressure!
T-Rex: Perhaps!!
T-Rex: And if solar sails work, THEN SO TOO WILL MY LIGHT CANNON! I'll just need tons of light.
Utahraptor: I think you'd need more than the entire output of the sun!
T-Rex: THAT, my friend, would be a pretty sweet cannon slash flashlight. Quick! To Professor Science's house!
Narrator: SOON:
Off panel: I don't think he's home.
T-Rex: Sure he is. PROFESSOR SCIENCE! IT'S T-REX, UTAHRAPTOR AND DROMICEIOMIMUS!
T-Rex (punchline): We brought LABCOATS!


T-Rex: Angola Maldives, who was my amazing superspy character, was on his toughest case yet: someone had stolen the nuclear launch codes and thus had full control over the United States Nuclear Arsenal!!
T-Rex: THE FATE OF THE WORLD HUNG IN THE BALANCE!
Dromiceiomimus: Wait, is that really how it works? Like there's one password and if you have it you can launch nukes wherever and whenever you want?
T-Rex: Um - I think so? Most of my research has been watching other movies, and I gotta say: lots of 'em have a real big ol' thing for "launch codes".
Utahraptor: They're only used to identify the President, man!
T-Rex: Wait, what?
Utahraptor: Yeah, and they're generated daily, so stealing them really wouldn't be a HUGE deal unless the culprit could act quickly AND have the nuclear football briefcase AND fake a call from the President to what would be a very skeptical recipient. They're not the be-all and end all of launching nukes.
T-Rex: Okay. Well, um, I guess Angola realized this was one crisis he could solve simply by napping for 24 hours!
Off panel: It's still bad that they got stolen though.
T-Rex (punchline): Look, part of what makes Angola SO GREAT is that he knows the limits of his core competencies


T-Rex: Okay, new theory: there are about 86 billion neurons in a human brain. As a dinosaur, I'm using human brains here for their relative simplicity!
T-Rex: Uh, you're welcome??
T-Rex: Now imagine a larger planet, one capable of supporting 86 billion of us on it. What happens if each of us perfectly emulate a neuron? What happens if each of us is given a two-way radio to communicate with those around us, according to all the restrictions and abilities and inputs and outputs actual neurons have??
Utahraptor: You're trying to simulate a human brain?
T-Rex: I'M TRYING TO SIMULATE A HUMAN BRAIN.
T-Rex: Because I submit to you that the resulting mind WOULD have intelligence, desires, self-awareness: all the great features we attribute to humans. We could create a giant human brain, and ALL WE NEED TO ACCOMPLISH IT ARE THE PEOPLE.
Off panel: In other words, every time you straights have reproductive sex, you're taking a tiny step towards the greatest science experiment of all time?
T-Rex: My friend:
T-Rex (punchline): HOTT


T-Rex: Man! I need to stop making all the mistakes. Today is NO MORE MISTAKES FOR T-REX DAY.
Narrator: SOON:
T-Rex: Aw diggity damn! Somehow I forgot to rinse my toothbrush after use today!
T-Rex: WELL, it seems that despite my proclamation, I keep on making mistakes!
Dromiceiomimus: What kind of mistakes, besides the toothbrush one?
T-Rex: Oh, tons of mistakes. I accidentally offended a friend last night and it was entirely my fault, and I feel terrible. Mistakes like that! Big mistakes.
Utahraptor: Oooh, juicy gossip! Let's dish!
T-Rex: Nopers!
T-Rex: I'm not dishing on MYSELF, because then you'll clearly spread the gossip around, since only gossips would say "let's dish!". Also I am sincerely embarrassed and ashamed!
Utahraptor: Please? Pleeeease tell me what you did that was so stupid?
T-Rex: Okay. But you have to keep it secret!
Narrator (punchline): SOON, T-REX TELLS UTAHRAPTOR THE STORY AND UTAHRAPTOR RESPECTS HIS WISHES FOR PRIVACY! WHAT A SATISFYING ENDING.


T-Rex: The strangers I pass on the street could actually be tourists from the future, trained to fit in perfectly! There's no way for me to know!
T-Rex: Because if you're doing time tourism, you're going to do it right!
T-Rex: Every trip would start with identities being inserted into official records: a twenty-year-old travelling to 1950 means going back to 1930 to insert birth records, and trips after that to establish education, work history, etc. It's tons of prep for one trip!
Dromiceiomimus: What about the time travellers breaking character?
T-Rex: Hah! PLEASE. They've been trained since birth!
T-Rex: Every candidate time traveller consents to their personal history being modified!
Utahraptor: Really?
T-Rex: Of course! Childhood is replaced with training for your time trip, and only those that pass get to go! The failed candidates get their original timeline restored, no harm no foul. And if you DO mess up in the past, overseers roll back your entire trip!
Utahraptor: I see. So time travel is foolproof?
T-Rex: Yep! The only reason we've never caught tourists from the future is that any we could catch never become time travellers in the first place!
T-Rex: THAT SAID:
T-Rex (punchline): I suspect my mailman may have knowledge beyond his years if you know what I'm saying


T-Rex: Tableau vivant, or "tableau" is a form of theatre in which the actors strike a pose and then don't move! It's like a living picture. It is, in fact, French for "living picture".
T-Rex: And I am the king of tableau, my friends! Check it out:
T-Rex: ...TABLEAU!
Utahraptor: Um, you're not supposed to speak during tableau, T-Rex!
T-Rex: Beg pardon?
Utahraptor: It's motionless AND silent. Interestingly enough, it was favoured by early art photographers, as they already needed their subjects to stay motionless for minutes at a time.
T-Rex: Huh. Interesting.
T-Rex: Anyway. I'm still the best at tableau.
Narrator: MEANWHILE, IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE T-REX ACTUALLY IS THE BEST AT TABLEAU:
T-Rex: TABLEAU!
T-Rex: [thinks] I must keep the other actors from discovering my secret to excellent tableau.
T-Rex (punchline): [thinks] It's a very competitive business


T-Rex: Dear, when you smile at me,
T-Rex: I heard a melody!
T-Rex: It haunted me from the start!
T-Rex: Something inside of me...
Utahraptor: ... started a symphony!
T-Rex and Utahraptor: "Zing!" went the strings of my heart!
T-Rex (punchline): That was awesome!


Narrator: IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING THE RECALL AFFECTING YOUR BODY
T-Rex: Hello! You are reading this message because you have been a patron of our "Physical Body Made of Meat" product in the past several million years.
T-Rex: We regret to inform you that an issue has been discovered with your body!
T-Rex: Besides the known issues of Bug 24442 ("aging"), Bug 59804 ("body gets smelly if I use it"), and Bug 2 ("poop comes out the butt?!"), a new vulnerability has been discovered with the "heart" hardware installed in your body. Known as "commotio cordis", it's a 30 millisecond long window during each heartbeat wherein an impact to your chest could, um... stop your heart and kill you instantly.
T-Rex: WHOOPS
Utahraptor: Is every single heartbeat vulnerable for instadeath?
T-Rex: Yes.
Utahraptor: I see. Can I return my body for a new one?
T-Rex: No, this isn't that kind of recall. This is more the, "you should RECALL this crazy vulnerability whenever something comes close to your chest" sort of thing. Okay bye!
T-Rex: Enjoy your bod!
Narrator: OH! ONE MORE THING ABOUT BODIES:
T-Rex: Um, sorry we didn't build them better??
Narrator (punchline): THE END


Narrator: THE MOBILE SKELETON WHO WANTED BLOOD
Narrator: a spooky tale for hallowe'en!
T-Rex: Once there was a skeleton who wanted blood... and could move under her own volition!
T-Rex: "Oh frig me," said the first guy who saw her, "she wants BLOOD? I'm chock full of that stuff!!" And he ran away. But this skeleton could move, so she gave chase!
Dromiceiomimus: Did he get away?
T-Rex: THIS time! But... the skeleton had a PLAN.
T-Rex: She decided rather than CHASING the living, she'd LURE them right into her clutches!
Utahraptor: How?
T-Rex: She'd offer juice and cookies after harvesting their blood. And some days? She'd lure them in with FREE PIZZA.
Utahraptor: Wait - is she just running a blood bank here?
T-Rex: Correct!
T-Rex: But as THIS blood bank was staffed only by skeletons who worked for free, it put the other blood banks - staffed by the living - out of business. BEHOLD THE HORRIFYING EFFECTS OF PURE FREE-MARKET CAPITALISM!
Off panel: It doesn't sound so bad.
T-Rex (punchline): BEHOLD THEM!!


T-Rex: Who would win in a fight: the Enterprise or the Millennium Falcon? And NO, the correct answer is not "the audience".
T-Rex: The correct answer is that this scenario is ludicrous and impossible!
T-Rex: Star Trek and Star Wars are two different universes, literally: physics works differently in each of them! The Falcon flies like it's in atmosphere, DESPITE THE FACT IT'S CLEARLY IN SPACE. In contrast, Trek ships generally meet each other on a fixed axis, like they're in water!
T-Rex: CLEARLY this is symptomatic of larger differences in basic universal physics.
T-Rex: Put the Millennium Falcon near Federation Headquarters...
Utahraptor: ...and it'll win the fight!
T-Rex: Nope! Its "hyperdrive" will catastrophically fail, exploding due to mismatched physics errors. I guarantee it! These ships don't work outside of the universe they're designed for.
Utahraptor: Wow, you've out-geeked an already super-geeky debate. Nice!
T-Rex: Thanks!
T-Rex: Now that that's out of the way, we can consider the real question, which is who would win in a fight: Data or Han Solo?
Off panel: PERSONALLY, I think they'd be pals.
T-Rex: Oh my god!
T-Rex (punchline): I know, right??


T-Rex: My life - ALL LIVES, in fact - would be measurably improved if I had a sweet accent! FACT.
T-Rex: And it totally doesn't count to say I already have an accent!
T-Rex: We're being relative here; it has to be different from everyone else around me. Wouldn't it be great if I sounded like Dame Judi Dench, Dromiceiomimus? I mean, a male version? Ooh, or like Cary Grant! I could sound like the platonic form of charming, suave, unreliable and debonair MANHOOD.
Dromiceiomimus: Have you tried faking it?
T-Rex: Oh for sure, but all my accents sound like bad Irish fakes!
T-Rex: It's confusing and disappointing.
Utahraptor: So you want to sound like Cary Grant, eh?
Utahraptor: Why not hire voice and accent coaches, like actors do? I don't see why the same "here's how to talk like someone you're not" lessons wouldn't apply just as well to you.
T-Rex: Utahraptor, that's brilliant! Oh my gosh. My lifelong dream can finally now be realized!
Narrator: A FEW MONTHS LATER:
T-Rex: Why, hello there, Utahraptor! Wouldn't you agree I sound like a young Cary Grant?
Off panel: I would!
T-Rex (punchline): Well, sure! It would be harder to hear my accent, however, if our conversation were relayed in text-based medium.


T-Rex: Everyone loves a good science fiction epic! Whether it's a war involving the stars, or a trek involving the stars, people just can't get enough of that stuff!
T-Rex: So anyway here's mine!
T-Rex: Blurrg (orc, basically race of ugly bullies) adjusted the orbital velocity of the XJ-25545 prototype he and his crew had stolen. A'hrarka (night elf, aloof, good at archery but only if it's night) scanned for nearby interceptors. And to her right, D'anny The Bold (dragon/mermaid hybrid, long story, not as interesting as it should be) armed the transphotonic cannons. If the law caught up with them, they might get taken... but it wouldn't be ALIVE.
Utahraptor: This seems like pretty fantasy-inspired scifi, my dude!
T-Rex: Because I JUST FIXED FANTASY.
T-Rex: Turns out all fantasy needed was to put its characters both in space AND a hard science context! Of course, it also needed to finally explore the reproductive morphology of the Ent tree people because MAN that's got to be complicated, but I'm still doing research for that.
T-Rex: But DID YOU KNOW one plant generation reproduces with asexual spores, while the next gen of the SAME SPECIES produces egg and sperm cells, sometimes in the same flower??
Off panel: What the hell, that's awesome!
T-Rex: I KNOW
T-Rex (punchline): FANTASY AUTHORS NEED TO STOP SLEEPING ON THIS


Devil: T-REX DO YOU THINK PIXEL ART CAN EVER BE RECOGNIZED AS A TRUE VALID AND ESSENTIAL ART FORM
Devil: OR IS IT RATHER AN AESTHETIC DOOMED BY THE PREJUDICES OTHERS APPLY TO ITS ORIGINS
T-Rex: Yeah, it's okay!
Devil: INTERESTING
Devil: INTERESTING
Devil: I WOULD CONCEDE THAT WHILE PIXEL ART IS STILL AWAITING ITS MONA LISA OR SISTINE CHAPEL CEILING THE MEDIUM IS INCREDIBLY YOUNG
Devil: AND I FULLY EXPECT THAT WITHIN A FEW GENERATIONS WE WILL HAVE PRODUCED A SET OF ARTISTS WHOSE GENIUS RIVALS EVEN THE GREATEST MASTERS OF OLD
T-Rex: Sure! I mean, it's okay!
Utahraptor: Hey, what's okay now?
T-Rex: Pixel art! I guess.
T-Rex: I don't think about it that much.
Utahraptor: Yeah, I like it. Do you think it's important to stay true to hardware limitations (ie: using only 16 or 256 colours) or can the style be divorced from its technological origin - and if so, does that cost it something essential?
T-Rex: Um... probably it's one of those things you said??
Devil: T-REX DID YOU KNOW THE OPINIONS OF YOUR FRIENDS ARE OBJECTIVELY BETTER THAN YOURS
T-Rex: Yep!
Devil: AND YOU HAVE TO LIVE WITH THAT
T-Rex (punchline): YEP


T-Rex: Today I am excited! Today I did not forget my dentist appointment!
T-Rex: Today I will be the one to impress my dentist with my personal oral hygiene!
T-Rex: I spent an hour this morning making sure that my teeth were sparkly clean. I practiced in the mirror saying "Of course I floss after every meal", "Of course, Doctor! I floss after every meal", and "Floss after every meal? Of course!"
T-Rex: I practiced until I got it RIGHT.
Utahraptor: Well, do you floss after every meal?
T-Rex: Not hardly!
T-Rex: But every time I go he asks, and every time I feel like I let him down - personally, you know? Like he has twenty kids and I'm the only one who doesn't floss and he doesn't know why.
Utahraptor: That's very sad.
T-Rex (punchline): It gets sadder! Sometimes I imagine he's bought books on how to get your kid to floss, and he's tried everything the books say but still, I don't floss - and he's started to wonder if there is something wrong with HIM. Has he failed me as a dentist? As a FATHER? Where did it all go wrong?


T-Rex: Here's a story! I moved away from my creepy raccoon and cephalopod neighbours, but they moved next door to my new place anyway. The moral of the story is, "You can't run away from your friggin' problems"!
T-Rex: Or - or it's "You can run away from your friggin' problems, but they'll follow you!"
Dromiceiomimus: If your problems are sentient, anyway.
T-Rex: Right. The moral of this story is, "You can run away from your friggin' problems, but if they're sentient, they'll follow you!"
Utahraptor: Well, they have to be mobile too!
T-Rex: RIGHT.
T-Rex: Okay, how about "It may be possible to run away from your problems, but under some circumstances - including but not limited to sentient, mobile friggin' problems - they'll follow you."
Utahraptor: Perfect.
T-Rex: A compelling moral for our time!
Narrator: LATER, IN T-REX'S BATHROOM:
Off panel: T-REX, MAYBE THE MORAL IS "WE'RE STILL WAITING TO HAVE OUR CONVERSATION ABOUT THE NATURE OF CONSENT".
T-Rex: ...
Off panel: ALSO SOMEBODY'S IN HERE
Off panel (punchline): DON'T YOU KNOW HOW TO KNOCK


T-Rex: I have finally decided to add another word to my List of Favourite Words!
T-Rex: The word?
T-Rex: Sesquipedalian!
T-Rex: The reason this word is so great is that it means "given to the overuse of long words" and it itself is a long word!
T-Rex: I can't get enough!
Utahraptor: So - what? You enjoy the irony of the word, T-Rex?
T-Rex: Yep!
T-Rex: Is that alright?
Utahraptor: Sure! It's great!
T-Rex: Alright then!
Utahraptor: Super!
T-Rex: Fantastic!
Utahraptor: Well then!
T-Rex (punchline): I'm glad we had this little talk!


T-Rex: I am generally a pretty easy-going guy! But guys, there's this one thing really boils my potatoes!
T-Rex: TWEETING.
T-Rex: Okay, I get that you're using Twitter! SUPER. But I really don't get why we need a new verb for that. All "tweeting" means is "posting to Twitter": it's got the same meaning as "post", except THIS verb can only be used in relation to a single corporate website. That's insane! Corporations invent nouns all the time, and I can accept that, but verbs? Really? Is updating Twitter SO DIFFERENT than updating any other website that we need a whole new word for it?
Utahraptor: Man this is old news, Professor Curmudgeonly! You ever seen something escalate?
T-Rex: Sure have!
Utahraptor: OH DAMN "ESCALATE" IS A VERB MADE UP FROM "ESCALATOR", WHICH WAS ITSELF A TRADEMARK! So now you can't escalate. And you also can't zip up your pants. Or go trampolining, rollerblading, or jetskiing. Or tase your enemies.
T-Rex: Man! Friggin' English friggin' lets me down friggin' again!!
T-Rex: Also!
T-Rex (punchline): ...I do believe that last sentence let me down as well


T-Rex: I went to the optometrist AGAIN last night, and AGAIN she said I might need to get nerd goggles!
T-Rex: (She called them "glasses" but you can tell she was thinking "nerd goggles"!)
T-Rex: The PROBLEM is that I define myself in terms of not having glasses! People are always "Oh, you're looking for T-Rex? He's the green tyrannosaurus rex over there! You'll be able to spot him because he's so not wearing glasses."
Dromiceiomimus: Aw, I think you'd look cute in them! I also think you can turn this around and make glasses your thing, you know?
Narrator: SHORTLY THEREAFTER.
T-Rex: Maybe Dromiceiomimus is right!
Utahraptor: She usually is!
T-Rex: I COULD get some pretty kick-ass glasses. Like glasses that say "WARNING: AWESOME DUDE" on them! OOH, or horn-rimmed 60s housewife glasses! Sweetness!
Utahraptor: You'll have to wear them every day, so maybe you'll, um, want to see how they look before you commit?
Narrator: A FEW DAYS LATER:
T-Rex: I'm here to pick up my prescription "Happy New Year 2004" glasses! They have a plastic "2" on one side and a "4" on the other.
Off panel: Sir, you have made an unforgettable choice.
T-Rex (punchline): I like you too, optometrist clerk!


Narrator: T-REX CONTINUES TO EAT TOO MUCH ICE CREAM
T-Rex: Luckily, I look practically identical! Any changes to my body have been REMARKABLY unnoticeable!
T-Rex: HAH HAH HAH!
T-Rex: SUCCESS
T-Rex: You know how the X-Men discover their mutant powers at puberty? MAYBE THIS IS MINE! I have the mutant power to eat ice cream to excess and still be a reasonably healthy dude who doesn't gain ANY weight! THIS IS AMAZING!
Dromiceiomimus: Aren't the X-Men fictional?
T-Rex: Maybe, but they're a real metaphor for DISCRIMINATION, Dromiceiomimus.
Utahraptor: So you're saying your overeating is... a metaphor for discrimination?
T-Rex: No!
T-Rex: All I'm saying is I've been eating like a slob for 3 days and things have been great, so therefore, BY MATHEMATICAL INDUCTION, I'ma be great forever. And now, if you'll excuse me, I'm off for lunch: MORE ICE CREAM.
Utahraptor: It was nice knowing you, friend!!
Narrator: SEVERAL WEEKS LATER:
T-Rex: There! Now I've worked off the excess weight I gained from eating poorly a while back, giving my whole "ice cream arc" a solid IF UNSATISFYING conclusion. Time to celebrate in moderation!
T-Rex (punchline): WHO WANTS A SMALL HANDFUL OF CARROTS??


T-Rex: You know what I miss?
T-Rex: I miss the days when you could do a favour for an animal, and it would repay you with a story!
God: I THINK YOU MEAN YOU MISS THE FICTIONAL STORIES WHERE THAT HAPPENS
T-Rex: Whatever! I love the idea of a world where good stories have such value, such POWER, that they could be offered as payment. Imagine living where good stories are currency, and so welcome that stories are listened to right away!
T-Rex: I'd be all, "Thanks for the Coke! Here's the tale of how the frog lost his voice."
Utahraptor: Wouldn't good storytellers want to help out their friends with a few stories?
T-Rex: Sure!
Utahraptor: And maybe some of these friends would write down the stories. And then set up stores to sell them. "Book" "stores", if you will! T-Rex: YOU ALREADY LIVE IN A WORLD WHERE STORIES HAVE VALUE. You've paid for them!
T-Rex: *gasp*
Off panel: And if you barter with a book, you're trading a story for something - literally!
T-Rex: OMG I'm totally going to go do that!!
T-Rex: Also sorry for saying "OMG" in real life
T-Rex (punchline): OMG I'm reevaluating some life choices right now


Devil: MMM GREETINGS T-REX WHAT ARE YOUR OPINIONS ON THE RISE OF CASUAL GAMING
T-Rex: Nobody should be excluded from games just because they can't afford a cummerbund, top hat and pince-nez!
Devil: I WAS CLEARLY REFERRING TO SIMPLER VIDEO GAMES BUILT FOR A CASUAL AUDIENCE
T-Rex: Ah!
Devil: ON ONE HAND THESE GAMES APPEAL TO THOSE OUTSIDE THE STANDARD GAMING DEMOGRAPHIC AND THUS SERVE TO BROADEN THE APPEAL OF THE MEDIUM AND DISPEL SOME NEGATIVE STEREOTYPES ABOUT THOSE WHO PARTAKE OF INTERACTIVE ELECTRONIC ENTERTAINMENT
Devil: ON THE OTHER HAND THE CASUAL MARKET IS SO BIG THAT IT MAY ENCOURAGE FRANCHISES I ENJOY TO BECOME MORE CASUAL FRIENDLY AND THIS OFTEN UNFORTUNATELY MEANS MORE SHALLOW
T-Rex: I really haven't thought about industry ramifications of casual gaming that much!
Utahraptor: Me neither!
T-Rex: No, I - I was talking to the Devil. He's concerned that casual gaming could eclipse the parts of the market he identifies with.
Utahraptor: Well you tell him that more people playing games means fewer people looking down on gamers!
T-Rex: Man, it'd be easier for me if others could hear you too!
Devil: AND IT'D BE EASIER FOR ME T-REX IF I COULD CONVERSE WITH SHIGERU MIYAMOTO
Devil: HOWEVER
Devil (punchline): HE WILL NOT BE BORN FOR 65 MILLION YEARS BECAUSE WE ARE IN THE PAST REMEMBER


T-Rex: You know when people say "oh my GOSH what if dreams are the REAL world and this world is all a crazy mixed-up dream??"
T-Rex: Attention everyone! You should not listen to these people!!
T-Rex: If the dream world is real, then the real world is one where stuff is crazy all the time, where people are always showing up for their public speaking engagements naked, where things are stupid and then really sexy and then stupid again. And in this insane universe, people are going to bed, falling asleep, and having entirely consistent dreams about checking their email?
Dromiceiomimus: Makes sense to me!
Utahraptor: Yeah, why wouldn't that be the case?
T-Rex: Because it's helluva stupid!
T-Rex: Any universe so insane would self-destruct before its inhabitants had the chance to go to sleep and dream of filling out dream income tax forms for dream income they got at their dream job. Dream there is used in a pejorative sense.
Utahraptor: Yeah, I followed that.
Narrator: THE NEXT MORNING:
T-Rex: So apparently in the REAL world, my friends are swarmed by zombies. The zombies then advance on me, and my response is to scream, charge them, and then instantly fall into REM sleep and wake up here.
T-Rex (punchline): I say again: STUPIDEST UNIVERSE EVER.


T-Rex: We don't inherit the Earth from our parents... we BORROW it from our children!
T-Rex: Who in turn, logically, must borrow it from THEIR children too!
T-Rex: Which by induction inevitably leaves the final generation on Earth the original people from whom all other Earths are borrowed. Nicely done, last generation.
Dromiceiomimus: What about people who choose to live child-free?
T-Rex: Well, I suppose they just borrow it from... other people's children??
Utahraptor: Are those children CONSENTING to this? And what usurious interest rate is that final generation on Earth charging us??
T-Rex: Listen, we may be getting SLIGHTLY too deep into this metaphor. I think it's just supposed to, like, make us use fewer plastic straws.
T-Rex: Don't use plastic straws, Utahraptor.
Off panel: Right. Because we don't inherit plastic straws from our parents, we borrow them from our children.
T-Rex: Yeah.
T-Rex (punchline): I guess that's how come they last so long


T-Rex: Determinism is the idea that every event and thought ever is predetermined! This determination is NOT done by fate or God or whatever, but rather by an almost endless chain of prior events. Causality is king!
T-Rex: Also: there's also no such thing as a random event!
T-Rex: A nice benefit of this is that free will is reduced to a complete illusion, since everything anyone ever does is already decided. On the plus side, this means that you can decide to do anything you want, because you're not responsible for it! But on the minus side, it means that you can't ever ACTUALLY decide to do anything. Thanks, determinism!
Utahraptor: But come on, even if free will is an illusion, it's a convincing one!
T-Rex: True!
Utahraptor: So who cares if everything is predetermined then? If it's utterly convincing that I have free will, what does it matter if it's all predetermined? I'm still affecting events in ways I choose.
T-Rex: But you'd just be lying to yourself! You're affecting events, but not CHOOSING anything.
Off panel: So how can I be faulted for that, T-Rex... IF IT WAS ALREADY DETERMINED THAT I'D LIE TO MYSELF?
T-Rex: Hooray! You pass determinism.
T-Rex and off panel (punchline): Now, let's never talk about it again!


God: T-REX TELL ME A SPIDER-MAN STORY
T-Rex: Can do! One day bullied teen John Spiderman got bit by a spider!
T-Rex: And that spider itself had been bit by an adult man!
T-Rex: John found he now had the proportional speed and strength of a spider, AND the insecurities of a man. To be perfectly clear: he had the worries of the kind of man who would put a spider in his mouth, bite that spider, and then let the spider go on its merry way.
Dromiceiomimus: Must have been a pretty big spider, yeah?
T-Rex: Big wiggly hairy one, yeah. Dude just straight-up mouthed it.
Utahraptor: T-Rex, it's me, Utahraptor! Utahraptor from the future!!
T-Rex: Whoah, really?
Utahraptor: YES. I CAME BACK TO WARN YOU: your John Spiderman story is sucky and dumb!!
T-Rex: Huh? Wait, does my story destabilize the space-time continuum or what?
Utahraptor: No, I just don't care for it!
Utahraptor: Listen, time travel's cheap in the future.
Off panel (punchline): Also I got ruuuuude


God: T-REX IF YOU WERE TO DIE SOON
God: LIKE SAY
God: TOMORROW
God: WHAT WOULD THERE BE ON YOUR BUCKET LIST
T-Rex: Top of my bucket list is to die without ever using the phrase "bucket list", so thanks for ruining that one for me. But next would be to get thrown out of a place!
Dromiceiomimus: It's not hard to get kicked out of somewhere, T-Rex!
T-Rex: No. No, I said THROWN out.
Utahraptor: Like in cartoons? Held up by your belt and shirt collar?
T-Rex: EXACTLY.
T-Rex: And then I land in a pile of trash with a banana peel on my head. And I exhale, and the banana peel over my face lifts up a bit. Then it flops down again.
Utahraptor: Wow.
T-Rex: I know! Doesn't that sound nice?
T-Rex: *sigh*
T-Rex: I think that sounds real nice.
T-Rex: Some men climb mountains, while others split atoms like the gods themselves. All I want to do is get a shopkeep with strong upper body strength to object to my continued presence.
Off panel: And yet you haven't even done that yet.
T-Rex (punchline): AW MAN, WHAT THE HELL


God: T-REX TELL ME A BATMAN STORY
T-Rex: But of course!
T-Rex: One day Batman was fighting the Joker on a giant typewriter!
T-Rex: "This reminds me of some of my previous adventures," Batman thought to himself, while typing out "k you need 2 go 2 jail now" on the keyboard. The giant keys rained punishing blows on the Joker's struggling form!!
Dromiceiomimus: Sounds like Batman's winning!
T-Rex: He was, until the Joker sprayed acid from his lapel flower onto the typewriter!
T-Rex: The acid combined with the exotic metal of the typewriter to produce a strange gas which -
Girl: [small] Batman sucks!!
T-Rex: ...What?
T-Rex: WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY?
Utahraptor: I didn't say anything!
T-Rex: I don't see anyone else here! And SOMEONE just opined Batman to be a sucky dude, A BLATANT AND ACTIONABLE FALSEHOOD!!
Off panel: [small] Batman isn't even as good as a turd in a blanket
Sound effect: *pop*
Sound effect: *pop*
T-Rex (punchline): Ah yes, the familiar sound of my eardrums exploding of their own volition rather than listen to even one more HORRIBLE LIE


Narrator: THINGS WOMEN LOVE:
T-Rex: I know all sorts of things women love! For example: Women LOVE IT when you dismiss them in arguments by saying "Whoah! This kitten's got claws!"
God: ACTUALLY NOBODY LOVES IT WHEN YOU SAY THAT T-REX
T-Rex: No way dude!
T-Rex: It's hilarious! It's IRONIC, because I've never actually called a woman a "kitten", on account of how I'm not a facial hair dude from the seventies? And it also says "I understand you're upset, but not REALLY upset, because I'm willing to make a joke that's sort of at your expense, but also really at my own expense too, because now I look like a sexist facial hair dude! Let's share a laugh!"
T-Rex: There are layers upon layers!
Utahraptor: So you're using sexism ironically now!
T-Rex: Yep! But it's not SINCERE sexism. I wouldn't say, "Whoah! This cute, somehow inferior gender's got claws!"
Utahraptor: And you'd laugh if a woman said something similar, but at the expense of men, to you.
T-Rex: PROBABLY. It's never happened!
Narrator: UTAHRAPTOR ASKS DROMICEIOMIMUS TO HELP HIM OUT BUT FAILS TO BRIEF HER PROPERLY:
Off panel: Whoah! This dog's got breasts!
T-Rex (punchline): I wanna see!


T-Rex: Your head is water resistant, but not water proof. Do not submerge your head underwater for extended periods of time unless you have purchased the "SCUBAPak" accessory kit.
Narrator: YOUR BODY
Narrator: the missing manual
T-Rex: Your body features several single points of failure. To prevent death (which can reduce the value of your body considerably) you will need to purchase replacements if any of these BodyPartz become too damaged:  brain  heart  lungs  liver  any major artery  etc
Dromiceiomimus: NOTE: replacements may not be available in all areas.
Utahraptor: Good news: the complete SkinFlesh protective coating package is now standard on all models!
T-Rex: What value!
Utahraptor: Recent court settlements require us to inform you of a BodyPartz design flaw: a missing OralCavity surface-shedding system has left TeethBits vulnerable to colonization by acid-secreting bacteria that destroy TeethBits over time.
T-Rex: We assure you TeethBits are OPTIONAL Body-Partz, and are unlikely to affect other systems.
T-Rex: If you have been affected by this issue, a BodyPartz professional can physically scrape bacteria off your TeethBits with a metal spike. There is a small charge for this service.
T-Rex: And hey, don't forget!
T-Rex (punchline): "Enjoy your BodyPartz!"


Narrator: THE SONG DAY 1:
T-Rex: Huh, I heard that song while I was out yesterday.
Narrator: DAY 23:
T-Rex: IT'S THE SAME SONG AGAIN!
T-Rex: AHHHHHH
Narrator: DAY 99:
T-Rex: I don't get it, Dromiceiomimus. THE SONG ISN'T EVEN THAT POPULAR. And yet, for 100 days straight, I've heard it every time I'm out! Usually it's a recording, sometimes a live performance, but every day I'm in the right place at the right time to hear this song, 100 times in a row! Winning the LOTTERY would've been easier: I only need the right numbers once for that!
T-Rex: I GUESS the universe is trying to send me a message!
Utahraptor: What? "Check out this hot track?"
T-Rex: "I'm serious, this song gets way better the more you listen to it"?
Utahraptor: "Do you like this song? How about now?"?
T-Rex: "The whole universe was an experiment to produce the freshest beats possible and yo, I really think we're close"?
T-Rex: "You are the luckiest person in the history of time, but unfortunately ONLY when it comes to pointlessly encountering this song in an unbroken daily streak"?
God: DING DING DING
God (punchline): WE HAVE A WINNER


God: IT'S AGAIN TIME FOR ROMANCE TIPS WITH T-REX
T-Rex: Alright, alright. Fine.
T-Rex: *ahem*
T-Rex: Love!
T-Rex: It's PROBABLY worth the effort??
T-Rex: Okay, so everyone's looking for love, right? This being the case, the smart move isn't to join that huge amorphous crowd. The smart move is to let those suckers find you! You need to make yourself FOUND. You need to make yourself a catch!
Dromiceiomimus: How do you do that?
T-Rex: Easy! BE AWESOME.
T-Rex: And if you're not yet awesome, get that way! Better yourself: explore things that interest you, whatever!
Utahraptor: Yes!
Utahraptor: If you put all your points into making yourself more AWESOME, then even if you're still single at the end, who friggin' cares? You're awesome now.
T-Rex: Plus, you're doing all the stuff you want. If you don't have a sweetie, it doesn't matter: life is awesome! You're awesome!!
T-Rex: Yes sir!
T-Rex (punchline): In conclusion: manipulate others, events, and yourself to get what you want, the end


T-Rex: "On The Menu, by T-Rex.". Ahem. "As Amelia and Antonio Tony who are the two members of the wait staff in this story took off their clothes, they realized that sexual intercourse was probably 'On The Menu' tonight!"
T-Rex: "'Excellent!' they said, in unison!"
T-Rex: "Well, almost in unison. Antonio Tony, the man, was a little slow on that. It was because he was thinking of his taxes. '10 thousand dollars in taxes!', he thought, 'That is a lot of money. Where am I going to find that money?' Then Antonio Tony and Amelia had sexual relations."
T-Rex: "The sexual intercourse was cut short because Tony kept muttering 'Where am I gonna find the 10 thousand dollars though?'"
Utahraptor: What are you reciting, T-Rex?
T-Rex: My new book!
T-Rex: It's called "On The Menu: Sexy Stories for People With Problems" and in all the stories the sex gets derailed because the people are worried about their Problems. The cover looks like a menu because it ties in well with the title. Now, if you'll allow me to continue?
Utahraptor: Of course!
T-Rex: "One day a couple was having sex but their car window was broken. The man thought a kid broke it. Instead of sex they wondered how it happened. I, the narrator, was the one who did it! They never found out and I won the lottery! The end!!"
T-Rex (punchline): Okay even I think that one's not so good.


T-Rex: "I'm sorry, there's only one room left," said the innkeeper to the two men in front of her. "I can only accommodate one of you." The men looked at each other. "I'm willing to share if you are," said the taller one.
Narrator: WHEN SHERLOCK MET WATSON
T-Rex: Inside the room, they introduced themselves. "I enjoy solving mysteries and doing drugs," said Sherlock. "And I stripmine the lives of those around me, thinly fictionalizing them into stories I sell for personal profit", said Watson, "so having a friend who solves mysteries and then does drugs sounds great." Sherlock frowned, muttering that the real mystery was why Watson would say "friends" when they weren't that... YET.
Utahraptor: Finally it was time to go to bed?
T-Rex: FINALLY IT WAS TIME TO GO TO BED.
T-Rex: The two men cuddled together in the single bed. The next day, Watson woke to Sherlock making tea, a small smile on his face. "When you've spent a night together in a very tiny bed," said Sherlock, "whatever remains the next morning, however improbable...".
Utahraptor: "Yes?" said Watson.
T-Rex: "...must be a FRIEND," he concluded with a wink, but Watson was already looking down to his notes. "I can slightly adjust that and make it a catch phrase about detection," he muttered.
T-Rex (punchline): THE END, YOU CAN'T PROVE THIS ISN'T CANON


Narrator: COMICS IN WHICH GOD HIMSELF QUOTES WERNER HERZOG.
God: LIFE IN THE OCEANS MUST BE SHEER HELL
T-Rex: I guess so, huh?
God: A VAST, MERCILESS HELL OF PERMANENT AND IMMEDIATE DANGER
T-Rex: Yep!
God: SO MUCH OF A HELL THAT DURING EVOLUTION SOME SPECIES - INCLUDING MAN - CRAWLED - FLED ONTO SOME SMALL CONTINENTS OF SOLID LAND WHERE THE LESSONS OF DARKNESS CONTINUE
T-Rex: That's certainly one way of looking at it, right, Dromiceiomimus?
Narrator: the end
Narrator: COMICS FOR TEENS
Narrator: today's installment:
Narrator: "THE PRIVATE TOOTER"
T-Rex: What do you call a teacher who never passes gas in public?
Utahraptor: What?
T-Rex: A private tooter!
Narrator: SECONDS LATER:
T-Rex: That was an extremely hilarious joke that deserved more laughter than it received.
Narrator (punchline): the end


T-Rex: Carving a statue out of a block of marble is easy...
T-Rex: ...All you need to do is chip away all the parts that don't look like a great statue!
T-Rex: By similar reasoning, writing is easy too! Just cover the parts of the paper that look like the letters of amazing story in ink, and leave the rest untouched. It's just COLOURING.
T-Rex: Writers: YOU'RE WELCOME.
Utahraptor: And acting is just staying off stage for the scenes you aren't in?
T-Rex: Exactly!
T-Rex: I put to you that EVERY form of art is as simple as knowing where to stand, where to colour, and what to hit with a chisel.
Utahraptor: Okay, great! Can't wait to read your stories, enjoy your performances, and appreciate your sculpture!
T-Rex: ME TOO!
Narrator: AN INCREDIBLY SHORT AMOUNT OF TIME LATER:
T-Rex: OH YEAH??
T-Rex (punchline): Well, your "criticism" is just remaining silent for the parts that aren't MEAN TO MY FEELINGS


T-Rex: Ssh! Come closer!
T-Rex: I know yet more secrets!
T-Rex: Yet more SECRETS of the MEDICAL PROFESSION!
T-Rex: Okay, so let's say you're a dude or lady who often is called upon to perform CPR on someone in cardiac arrest. Nice. YOU'RE A HANDY PERSON TO HAVE AROUND. When performing CPR, you're aiming for 100 chest compressions per minute, but this is an awkward rate to hit. HOWEVER, if you hum Queen's "Another One Bites The Dust", you'll be fine! The song is simple, catchy, memorable, AND has a steady beat that runs, as it turns out, at exactly 100 beats a minute.
Utahraptor: So the professional performing CPR on me is thinking "Bum bum bum / Another one bites the dust"?
T-Rex: Quite possibly!
T-Rex: And if I ever need to perform CPR on you, you can bet I'LL be belting it out at the top of my lungs.
Utahraptor: T-Thanks?
T-Rex: No worries, man! I've got your back. Listen. It'll be a great show.
T-Rex: Although, I MIGHT change the lyrics to "Hey there guys / You know what would be great? / If this guy / would cardiopulmonarily resuscitate"
T-Rex (punchline): We share the laughter AND the tears, Utahraptor.


Dating profile: My self-summary
Dating profile: Okay so I made a profile before but nobody dated me??? It's weird I think there might be a bug on the website.
Dating profile: What I'm doing with my life
Dating profile: Hah hah hah NEXT
Dating profile: First thing people usually notice about me
Dating profile: is how I hacked the website to put pictures of me and my friends in the background! Here is what's happening at Dating Site Headquarters right now: OH NO T-REX IS AN ULTRA HACKER !!! BUT DID YOU KNOW THAT IN HACKING INTO THE KERNEL HE ALSO HACKED INTO... MY HEART &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
Dating profile: I didn't type that! The words just appeared! So you need to move fast to date me now I think!!
Dating profile: The six things I could never live without
Dating profile: ...is a sentence fragment; I found another bug
Dating profile: On a typical Friday night I am
Dating profile: hey utahraptor what do you do on a typical friday night? i need it to be awesome/sexy!!!!!
Dating profile: helloooo
Dating profile: utahraptor UTAH UTAH utahRAP .... tor
Dating profile: whoa wrong window! Okay how do you delete
Dating profile: You should message me if
Dating profile: What what what?? There's a checkbox for if you're looking for casual sex!! Oh man! Should I check it? Message me if you think I should check it!!
Dating profile: What if I checked it??
Dating profile (punchline): I wonder if it's ever been used


T-Rex: Okay, I should've been an interior decorator, because I've got the best ideas. I've got THE BEST FRIGGIN IDEAS.
T-Rex: And to prove it, here's one of my best friggin' ideas!!
T-Rex: What you do is you have a bunch of framed newspaper front pages of major world events: walking on the moon, archduke assassination, etc. All the greatest hits of the past 200 years.
Dromiceiomimus: Old papers look classy and cultured, so you'll look classy and cultured too!
T-Rex: Exactly! But when someone asks about them, you say they're "TEMPORAL CANARIES".
Utahraptor: You'll be the first to notice if someone changes the past, because the papers will change!
T-Rex: YES.
T-Rex: And here's the kicker: among all these framed pages of war and peace, you have one story that's just completely irrelevant, some small town non-story. And when someone asks about THAT, you look at it, your smile fades, you say "OH GOD, IT'S CHANGED, THERE'S NO TIME" and you run outside.
T-Rex: You abandon your past life and are never seen again. You become a LEGEND.
T-Rex: T-Rex's Interior Decoration: Because Good Design Can Set You Free
T-Rex: Forever, Endlessly Free
T-Rex (punchline): There's No Going Back And No God Can Judge You


T-Rex: Back in the day, if you had an enemy, you had to keep tabs on them! What were they saying about you? What were they doing?
T-Rex: Honestly, maintaining even a HANDFUL of enemies could be a full time job!!
T-Rex: But now thanks to the internet, keeping up to date on your enemy's comings and goings is really easy! I can just see what they're doing on social media and interact with them there! DONE. Thanks, enemies!! You played right into my hands!
T-Rex: PS: you still suck real bad, enemies!!
Utahraptor: I guess that IS what social media is for: maintaining relationships, right?
T-Rex: Right!
T-Rex: 20 years ago you couldn't keep all these enemies front-of-mind: you'd forget about them, lose interest, you'd both drift apart, etc. But now I can hate-fav something every week or so and they'll reply "UGH YOU SUCK T-REX" and I'll reply "NO YOU" and then like my own reply. DAMN. That's the sickest burn!!
Off panel: Why don't you just block each other if you hate each other so much?
T-Rex: I JUST SAID WHY: IT'S MORE WORK
T-Rex (punchline): GOD I AM THIS CLOSE TO COMMENTING A DIS ON YOU AND THEN LIKING MY OWN COMMENT, UTAHRAPTOR


T-Rex: A TERRIFYING ZOMBIE STORY, by me, T-Rex.
T-Rex: One day an alive woman died. OR DID SHE? Because now she's... A ZOMBIE!!
T-Rex: Can I get a what what?
T-Rex: Our zombie woman is Patient Zero of the zombie outbreak, which suggests to the attentive reader that we're using an infection model of zombification. Let R0 be the threshold quantity of infections. If R0 is less than one, then the infection will die out. If it's equal to one, then the disease will remain endemic in the population. And the more above one R0 is, the greater the epidemic!
T-Rex: So to quantify our zombie terror, all we need to do is calculate R0!
Utahraptor: Can I hear about the people she bites?
T-Rex: Assuming N population and a contact rate of , then our zombie will make N bites per time unit, resulting in infections with a mean infectious period of 1/:  being of course the mean recovery rate. Therefore, R0 = (N)/!
Utahraptor: Does she bite anyone she knew from before? Like, her kids maybe?
T-Rex: These metrics are simplified, as natural immunity is not factored into N. Different compartmental epidemic models may provide different results!
Off panel: Is there any of the old her left inside that shambling horror??
Off panel: I -
Off panel (punchline): I wonder sometimes


Narrator: THE COSO ARTIFACT
T-Rex: ...is totally amazing, you guys! Totally amazing.
T-Rex: It's a SPARK PLUG that was discovered encased in solid rock!
T-Rex: So awesome. A spark plug found inside a geode, surrounded by material that would have taken 500,000 years to collect! Is this truly CONCLUSIVE EVIDENCE that we will one day visit the distant past, and drop spark plugs in sediment while we're at it? I would argue "Definitely, dudes!" I would argue that there can be no other explanation and I would argue that it's gonna be great.
Utahraptor: The "Coso Artifact" wasn't found in a geode, T-Rex!
T-Rex: It wasn't?
Utahraptor: It was found in a concretion, and I'm sorry to tell you that those can develop in only a few years! There are marshes in England with WWII-era bombs encased in concretions as well. It's cool, but it's not proof of time travellers!
T-Rex: Man. Logical explanations keep letting me down!!
God: T-REX HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT UTAHRAPTOR ISN'T THE TIME TRAVELLER WHO LOST THE SPARK PLUG IN THE DISTANT PAST IN THE FIRST PLACE
God: MAYBE HE'LL SAY ANYTHING TO COVER IT UP
T-Rex: *gasp*
T-Rex (punchline): Conspiracies!!


T-Rex: Sometimes folks get tattoos they regret! They're all, "Like ALL emotions, this particular emotion I'm feeling right now will last forever! I should definitely get this indelibly inked on my living flesh!!"
T-Rex: To them I say:
T-Rex: Feel ashamed of (that particular aspect of) your body no longer!!
T-Rex: For I am here to FIX YOUR TATTOOS with CLEVER IDEAS. For example, perhaps you are a guy named Joe with a tattoo that says "JOE AND CHRIS FOREVER", but now you and Chris got divorced? Just add a colon and one word and you get "JOE AND CHRIS: FOREVER DIVORCED"! Done!
Dromiceiomimus: What if they get back together?
T-Rex: Easy: "JOE AND CHRIS: FOREVER DIVORCED? NOT ANYMORE LOL".
Utahraptor: But what if they break up again?
T-Rex: See, you think you're gonna stump me, but I've got this too!
T-Rex: Take what's there and add "...IS WHAT THIS WOULD SAY IF WE WEREN'T DIVORCED AGAIN; THANK YOU FOR READING ALL OF MY EXTREMELY LENGTHY TATTOO". But honestly, at this point, my professional advice would be just tattoo a scribble over the entire mess and instead get a picture of my face.
T-Rex (punchline): With a banner above it that says "HE'S GREAT" and one beneath it that says "YES, HE REALLY TRIED TO HELP"


T-Rex: The camera opens on an idyllic farmland scene: grain gently waving in the breeze, a red farmhouse in the distance. It's all, like, quiet farm stuff.
T-Rex: Suddenly, a futuristic, heavily-armoured flying car shoots past the farmhouse!
T-Rex: The audience sighs a sigh of relief because this story just got awesome. But then, the car flies off into the distance and we're stuck looking at wheat! A few minutes pass, and we hear the sound of explosions and laser weapons fire coming from the distance, all "KAPOW" and "pew pew pew", all "zzzzzot" and "kksccchh-POW!!!"
Utahraptor: What's causing the rad explosions?
T-Rex: All I can say is: if the grain knows, it's not telling!!
T-Rex: And that means we don't know either. We hear distant shouting, but can't make out any words. Then the noise of - a dog? A wolf? Wait, maybe an elephant? Oh man, are there elephants over there??
T-Rex: ...We simply can't say.
T-Rex: THE END
T-Rex: PS MY MOVIE IS A METAPHOR FOR WHAT HAPPENED TWO YEARS AGO WHEN NOBODY TEXTED ME THAT THERE WAS A RAD PARTY GOING ON
T-Rex (punchline): LISTEN, MOVIES TAKE A REALLY LONG TIME TO BRING TO MARKET OKAY


T-Rex: Hey, I wonder if I got any emails while I was out?
T-Rex: Oh boy! Emails!
Narrator: BACK AT HOME:
T-Rex: What? No emails?!
Narrator: SHORTLY...
T-Rex: Dromiceiomimus, how come you never send me any emails?
Dromiceiomimus: I see you in person often enough! What do you want emails for?
T-Rex: I want emails!
Utahraptor: You'd get more emails if you sent more out!
T-Rex: But I already do!
T-Rex: I sent you four surveys AND an email where if I forwarded it, some charity would get 3 cents AND a list I found of reasons why T-Rexes are better than Utahraptors (green is the new black!)
Utahraptor: Man, I don't need that sort of stuff in my mailbox! I meant REAL emails.
T-Rex: Do you mean to imply that T-Rexes are not better than Utahraptors?
T-Rex (punchline): Because if so, I would advise you to check your email!


T-Rex: Maybe I'll dress up for Hallowe'en as a Utahraptor!
T-Rex: That's a great idea!
T-Rex: Then I'll be able to walk up to his friends and insult them!
T-Rex: They'll think it's he who is the one who is insulting them!
T-Rex: I could wear this costume ALL THE TIME.
T-Rex: Then it's decided! I will be a Utahraptor for Hallowe'en!
Utahraptor: WHAT?!
Utahraptor: First off, dressing up as a member of a RACE for Hallowe'en is insanely racist. Second of all, you don't have the skill necessary to pull it off!
T-Rex: I'll show you!
Utahraptor: Oh yeah? Well if you're going as a Utahraptor, then I'm going as a T-Rex!
Narrator: HALLOWE'EN:
Narrator: [with an arrow pointing at T-Rex] (actually the Utahraptor)
T-Rex: Trick or treat, or I'll stomp on your house!
Off panel: Ooh! What a scary costume!
T-Rex: Thank you ma'am! I stayed up all night working on it!
T-Rex (punchline): [small] The vestigial arms are made of paper mache!


[Dromiceiomimus's daydream]
T-Rex: Hello, Dromiceiomimus! Or should I say... EMILY??
[Dromiceiomimus's daydream]
T-Rex: Because for some reason I totally believe that's your name!
[Dromiceiomimus's daydream]
T-Rex: Even though we're super close and I've known you for years and years, it seems PERFECTLY REASONABLE to me that you'd have a name you never told me. PS: I am an adult.
[Dromiceiomimus stops daydreaming, visibly irritated]
Utahraptor: Hey, you're not actually calling Dromiceiomimus "Emily" are you?
T-Rex: DUDE.
T-Rex: That's not her name! She was TOTES OFFENDED.
Utahraptor: I thought you knew I was joking!! I thought you knew "Emily"'s not her name.
Utahraptor: ...It's actually "Doctor Madame Frances Experimento, LLC."
T-Rex: INTERESTING
[Dromiceiomimus's daydream]
T-Rex: Guys, guys!!
T-Rex (punchline): Watch as I believe anything anyone tells me for at least ten minutes!!


Narrator: THE WALK OF SHAME
T-Rex: The Walk of Shame is when you're coming home in the same clothes you partied in last night. You spent the night somewhere else, maybe you had sexy times, and therefore you're to be ashamed!
T-Rex: That, my friends, is BALONEY SANDWICHES!
T-Rex: They should call it the "Walk of Oh Look, My Night Didn't End at Ten Thirty" or maybe the "Walk of I Am In Full Possession Of My Sexual Identity" or maybe even the "Walk of Stop Assuming I Had Sex, Maybe We Talked And Then Had Ice Cream; Ice Cream Is Awesome Too and Don't Lie, You Want Some Right Now."
T-Rex: Speaking of which! Dromiceiomimus, would you like to go get some ice cream?
Narrator: LATER:
Utahraptor: That was extremely delicious ice cream!
T-Rex: Yeah, I'm glad you could join us!
T-Rex: What was I talking about...? Oh yeah, the "walk of shame" - it's a stupid term and they should call it the "Walk of I'm Still Hungry for Ice Cream; Let's Go Get More Ice Cream."
Utahraptor: ...Okay
Narrator: MUCH LATER:
T-Rex: Attention, everybody!!
T-Rex (punchline): I, um, find it difficult to have opinions around ice cream.


T-Rex: So I was talking up my post-pubescent body the other night, and this guy was like "Post-pubescent isn't a word, because you can never get past puberty!" I was like, "Whatever"!
T-Rex: It was some party!!
Dromiceiomimus: That guy was right though, T-Rex! Puberty is more of a toggle, isn't it? You're either pre-pubescent or pubescent - you never get to be post-pubescent.
T-Rex: I maintain that you do! You're pre-pubescent, then pubescent, and then post-pubescent when the changes stop!
Utahraptor: No no, you're pubescent as soon as the changes start! That's how it works.
T-Rex: I disagree!
Utahraptor: Let's look it up in a dictionary! Then we'll see what's what.
T-Rex: Fine! Let's look it up right now!
Utahraptor: Fine!
T-Rex: Fine! I'll go do that!
Utahraptor: Go ahead!
T-Rex: I'm gonna!
Narrator: SHORTLY:
T-Rex: Dude, come quick!
T-Rex (punchline): There's PICTURES!!


T-Rex: Today I believe in temporal presentism! Only the objects around me in any given moment are real. They exist in space, but not in time!
T-Rex: Neither the past nor the future actually exists!
T-Rex: Each moment is unique, and life is but series of moments, connected by our memories! We speak of events occurring in the past only as a matter of convenience.
Utahraptor: So the past is an illusion, eh?
T-Rex: Yep!
Utahraptor: Yet we're having a conversation, and you remember what's going on!
T-Rex: Aha, my friend! That's only because this present moment is predicated on past moments being as they were.
Utahraptor: This is a stupid theory! It doesn't get you anything!
T-Rex: It does explain why time travel isn't possible! You can't visit a past or future that doesn't exist!
T-Rex: Th-
T-Rex (punchline): That's pretty much it!


T-Rex: I toss you some crayons and ask you to draw me a picture of a grassy field on a clear day with the sun shining down from above. POP QUIZ, HOTSHOT: which colour crayons do you use?
T-Rex: Green, blue, and yellow, right?
T-Rex: Only that's crazy! That's COMPLETELY CRAZY. The grass is green and the sky is blue, sure, but the sun isn't YELLOW. It's white. It's like, the DEFINITION of white light.
Dromiceiomimus: Oh my god, I was gonna say "yellow".
T-Rex: I KNOW, RIGHT? Everyone says yellow, even though the fact that's a lie is LITERALLY as obvious as the sun in the sky!
Dromiceiomimus: I am tripping several balls right now, T-Rex!!
Utahraptor: Copious balls are being tripped over here too!!
T-Rex: You know what's TRIPPIER STILL?
T-Rex: NOBODY KNOWS WHY THIS IS SO. Some say it's because wood burns yellow, so like cavemen we believe "strange sky fire ball" is the same colour. Others think it's because the sun IS briefly yellow at sunset - a time FAMOUS for atmospheric distortion of light and colour - and we just assume it's always like that.
T-Rex: Personally, I believe that the entire planet thinking the sun isn't white is but a side-effect of an eldritch curse on us all, one which keeps us from remembering something horrible!!
Off panel: Huh? What?
T-Rex: Oh hah hah
T-Rex (punchline): Nevermind!!


T-Rex: One day Sherlock Holmes was arrested for a crime he didn't commit! And since HE was the prime suspect, the police wouldn't listen to ol' Sherls when he was deducing how someone else did it!! The circumstances were most dire.
T-Rex: WAS THIS THE END OF SHERLOCK HOLMES??
Dromiceiomimus: Luckily it wasn't, as Sherlock's best friend Watson is also really good at solving crimes. He's exceptionally good at it, just not QUITE as good as Sherlock.
T-Rex: Oh. Well, uh, Watson was arrested too, so the police wouldn't listen to HIM either. WAS THIS THE END OF SHERLOCK HOLMES??
Dromiceiomimus: Lucky for them both, Sherlock's brother Mycroft has knowledge AND deduction skills exceeding even Sherlock!
T-Rex: WHAT.
Utahraptor: Yeah man. He's short and stout - NOT UNLIKE the famous teapot of song and story?
Utahraptor: And, he's actually BETTER than Sherlock at deduction, but he just doesn't like to do fieldwork! But he'd do it for his brother, yo!
T-Rex: SERIOUSLY?
T-Rex: Huh. I should really read the stories I like before I do fan fiction of them, huh??
Narrator: LATER, T-REX READS SHERLOCK HOLMES STORIES:
T-Rex: "All other men are specialists, but Mycroft's specialism is omniscience"? He's a LIVING COMPUTER??
T-Rex (punchline): MYCROFT RULES; I RENOUNCE ALL OTHER SHERLOCKS


T-Rex: I wonder what things would be like if I could READ MY FRIEND'S THOUGHTS??
God: T-REX YOU HAVE MORE THAN ONE FRIEND
T-Rex: Thanks, God! I totally noticed!
God: NO BUT MY POINT IS YOU PUNCTUATED THAT IMPROPERLY
God: WHEN YOU WANT TO SHOW POSSESSION ON A PLURAL NOUN THAT ENDS WITH AN S YOU HAVE TO PUT THE APOSTROPHE AFTER THE S OTHERWISE IT LOOKS LIKE YOU HAVE A SINGLE FRIEND INSTEAD OF PLENTY OF THEM
T-Rex: There's no way you could know what punctuation I was using! There's NO WAY.
God: I'M KINDA GOD THOUGH
T-Rex: Still! Impossible!
Utahraptor: What is?
T-Rex: God knowing if I put the apostrophe in the wrong place in homophonic spoken language!!
Utahraptor: Well, isn't that the old paradox? Can God create a sentence with grammar so bad, even HE can't correct it?
T-Rex: I CREATED THE SENTENCE. IT'S FINE.
T-Rex: [thinks] Secretly, I did punctuate that sentence improperly!
God: I HEARD THAT
T-Rex: [thinks] Forget you, man!
God: I HEARD THAT TOO
T-Rex: [thinks] Aghglug glag ghag
God: SO UH
God (punchline): THAT ONE DIDN'T MAKE SENSE


T-Rex: A lot of folks wonder what the future will be like! This is dumb of them because if they asked me I just could tell them.
God: T-REX WHAT WILL THE FUTURE BE LIKE
T-Rex: Finally! I'M REALLY GLAD YOU ASKED.
T-Rex: In the future, computers will do a lot of things for us, and maybe they'll be robots, unless we mess up and then it's all horses and swords. Maybe mutants? Weird! It's really hard to say.
God: T-REX THAT WAS THE WORST VISION OF THE FUTURE I HAVE EVER HEARD
T-Rex: Well, that's just YOUR opin-
God: AND I HAVE OBSERVED EVERYTHING THAT EVER HAPPENED IN THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE
T-Rex: Wait a minute! EVERYTHING?
Utahraptor: Everything?
T-Rex: If God's seen EVERYTHING in the entire universe, then he can say what's going to happen next! He knows where everything is and where they're moving!
Utahraptor: That assumes a completely deterministic universe. What about free will?
T-Rex: Hmm, yes. What ABOUT free will, God?
God: HOLD ON ENGLISH ISN'T MY FIRST LANGUAGE WHAT DO YOU MEAN BY FREE WILL
T-Rex: Like how we can decide what toppings to put on our pizza?
God: OH HAH HAH THAT'S ALL ME
God: WHAT CAN I SAY
God (punchline): "I LOVE PEPPERONI"


Narrator: EPITAPH THURSDAY
T-Rex: Oh heck! Epitaph Thursday AGAIN??
T-Rex: Ahem.
T-Rex: "Here lies T-Rex! SURROUNDED BY HIS VICTIMS."
T-Rex: That one's awesome because it suggests that EVERYONE ELSE IN THE GRAVEYARD was murdered by me, Dromiceiomimus! The best gravestones, AS YOU KNOW, are the ones that totally mess up everyone else's gravestones.
Dromiceiomimus: How about "Here lies T-Rex / He left the world the way he entered it: / Covered in yolk."
T-Rex: We ARE born in eggs!!
Utahraptor: "Here lies T-Rex! He died as he lived..."
T-Rex: ...Go on!
Utahraptor: Um. "Eventually"?
T-Rex: Utahraptor! Epitaph Thursday is about EXCELLENT EPITAPHS. You need to get your head in the game!!
Utahraptor: Okay okay: "Here lies T-Rex / Or at least his body / We found it over there"
T-Rex: Hello!! That is THE WORST EPITAPH.
Off panel: "Here lies T-Rex / Where he's going, he won't need... roads."
T-Rex: ...!
T-Rex (punchline): oh my god YES


God: HEY T-REX WHAT'S THE AWESOMEST THING YOU CAN IMAGINE
T-Rex: Batman!
T-Rex: No wait, Batman riding a pterodactyl!
T-Rex: No wait, Batman riding a pterodactyl, and the pterodactyl has eyes that shoot lasers!
T-Rex: NO WAIT, Batman riding a pterodactyl, and the pterodactyl has laser eyes and... hands that reverse entropy?
Dromiceiomimus: NO WAIT! Batman, pterodactyl, laser eyes on BOTH, entropy-reversing hands AND the ability to control all energy at the micro and macro levels.
Utahraptor: That, PLUS time travel!
T-Rex: Plus, PLUS, alternate universe sliding!
Utahraptor: PLUS all the powers Magneto has, INCLUDING the electricity-mastering powers he should ALREADY HAVE if he controls magnetism.
T-Rex: I know, right?? Has nobody told him? THEY'RE THE SAME FUNDAMENTAL FORCE. Though, to be fair, I can kinda see why nobody's told him.
God: ANYWAY YOU GUYS KNOW YOU'RE DESCRIBING ME RIGHT
T-Rex: Dude, I have seen zero paintings where you have laser eyes!
God: LASERS ARE INVISIBLE IF THERE'S NO DUST IN THE AIR TO REFLECT THEM
T-Rex: ...
T-Rex (punchline): Whooooaaahh


T-Rex: It is a truth universally acknowledged that "Call me Ishmael", as a novel opening, is like a television tuned to a dead channel.
T-Rex: That is to say: it's been done, yo!
T-Rex: Start your novel with "Call me [WHATEVER NAME YOU WANT HERE]" and people are gonna say, "Oh, like Moby Dick. It's like that other book I've heard about." And so the whole opening structure is ruined forever! You can still USE it, sure, but unless you somehow acknowledge Mobes D or play with it or whatever, people are just going to assume you ripped off Melville.
Utahraptor: There's lots of things like this!
T-Rex: Oh, I know!
Utahraptor: For example, I can't consider to being or not to being without people thinking "Oh hey, like from Hamlet".
T-Rex: Right?! The longer our civilization lasts, the more phrases get claimed by famous books, and the fewer words there are left for the rest of us. There can be only one answer:
T-Rex: DESTROY CIVILIZATION??
Off panel: Stop looking for low-hanging fruit, stand on the shoulders of giants, and express ever greater and more nuanced sentiment??
T-Rex (punchline): Uh, DESTROY CIVILIZATION??


T-Rex: We're intelligent! We have an innate design sense! Time to intelligently design... THE VERY BODY ITSELF.
God: WAIT WHAT
T-Rex: First, we'll need a torso!
T-Rex: We'll want lungs to process air, a heart to move blood around, kidneys to filter the blood, and so on. All great ideas!
Dromiceiomimus: We'll want heads too. And limbs: arms to interact with the environment, legs to keep our butts from dragging on the ground!
T-Rex and Dromiceiomimus: Oh! We'll also need butts!!
Utahraptor: Now add sensory organs so that the world can be experienced and understood!
T-Rex: This is a terrific bod!
T-Rex: And THE FINISHING TOUCH: a brain that will, of its own accord, remind us of some stupid thing we said at a party THREE WEEKS AGO so we can feel stupid all over again!
Utahraptor: And make it so awesome people's brains can make them feel worthless because that's a SUPER AMAZING FEATURE that doesn't suck AT ALL.
God: GUYS
T-Rex: Oh! And make it so the brain can get exhausted, but then be unable to fall asleep!
God: GUYS
T-Rex: And make it so songs get stuck in our heads: that way we can annoy OURSELVES!
God: GUYS
God (punchline): GUYS YOU KNOW I ONLY HAD LIKE ONE DAY RIGHT


T-Rex: Oh my goodness I just woke up and I am hungry!
T-Rex: It's time for some friggin' breakfast!!
God: T-REX YOU SURE DO SAY "FRIG" A LOT
T-Rex: I sure friggin' do!
God: OKAY BUT ISN'T IT JUST STANDING IN FOR ANOTHER WORD
T-Rex: Like what? "Tasty-times"? "It's time for some tasty-times breakfast"?
T-Rex: Um, that's barely even grammatical, God!
God: NO IT'S JUST THAT NORMALLY PEOPLE SAY "FRIG" TO BE POLITE
T-Rex: Not me!
Utahraptor: Not you what?
T-Rex: It's not me who says "frig" to be polite! I SAY IT TO BLOW SOME FRIGGIN' MINDS!
Utahraptor: Whoah! Consider my mind blown, then!
T-Rex: I FRIGGIN' DO!!
T-Rex: [stops daydreaming]
God: ANYWAY T-REX THERE'S YOUR VISION OF WHAT LIFE WOULD BE LIKE IF YOU SAID "FRIG" ONLY SLIGHTLY MORE OFTEN
T-Rex: It seems pretty much the same!
God: WELL IT'S ONLY A SMALL CHANGE FROM THE WAY THINGS ARE NOW
God (punchline): HONESTLY NOT REALLY SURE WHAT YOU WERE EXPECTING


T-Rex: I just can't get enough of this one song (The Beach Boys: Help Me Rhonda)! I think I'll play it on repeat for 49 minutes.
Narrator: 49 MINUTES LATER:
T-Rex: One more time!!
Narrator: 120 MINUTES LATER:
Dromiceiomimus: PLEASE, T-Rex, play a different song. I can hear it from here, and I've been able to hear it from here for the past 20 minutes.
T-Rex: I had to turn up the tunes because I was going outside! I don't have a "boom box" or similar portable music device.
T-Rex: [small] such as the ipod shuffle
Narrator: 10 MINUTES LATER:
Utahraptor: What the hell, T-Rex! What's with the noise?
T-Rex: It's my new favourite song!
Utahraptor: Listen, T-Rex! We're all tired of hearing the Beach Boys asking Rhonda for help.
T-Rex: FINE. I'll play a different song.
Utahraptor: Just turn it down! Everyone within 100 metres can hear it. If you don't I'll call the cops, for serious.
Narrator: SOMEONE ELSE CALLS THE COPS FIRST:
T-Rex: Hello cops!
Off panel: Hey T-Rex!
T-Rex: Am I going to jail, cops?
Off panel (punchline): Probably, dude


T-Rex: I've come to accept that I will be able to live down anything I do, given enough time!
T-Rex: So: no worries!
Dromiceiomimus: That's a healthy attitude, T-Rex! It'll let you explore things you otherwise might not, because you won't be worried about what others think!
T-Rex: Exactly! I am a well-adjusted dinosaur.
Utahraptor: Wait, let me talk to you before you go too far with this!
T-Rex: Sure! What's up?
Utahraptor: Well - it's just, you tend to take ideas to comedic extremes. So I just wanted to make sure you remember that you shouldn't dismiss the opinions of others entirely!
T-Rex: Of course! "Social Constraints Serve A Useful Purpose"!
T-Rex (punchline): I remember from the trial!


T-Rex: Bachelors! Are you tired of having to clean up after yourself? Here's some great
T-Rex: HOUSEKEEPING TIPS FOR BACHELORS
T-Rex: sorry for shouting
T-Rex: #1 recommendation: be born in a time where all housecleaning is automated. You will save SO MUCH TIME.
Dromiceiomimus: However, if you have already failed at our first recommendation, we recommend instead being born at a time in the past when hunting and gathering was the dominant - actually, the ONLY - lifestyle!
Utahraptor: Wouldn't people still have homes then? Homes which need KEEPING??
T-Rex: Oh, sure!
T-Rex: But since they have to follow sources of food, all housing is necessarily temporary. And a temporary home is a home you can trash whenever you want and then just leave it behind! It truly was a golden age for sloppy bachelors, as far as housekeeping was concerned!!
Banner: BEING A BACHELOR IS EASY
T-Rex: As hunting and gathering was dominant for over 90% of our history, odds are we've ALREADY solved your housekeeping problem!
Banner (punchline): You're welcome


T-Rex: Mammals have it pretty great! I gotta admit: I'm kinda jealous of them sometimes!
T-Rex: What with all their hair and whatnot!
Dromiceiomimus: You're seriously jealous of mammals, T-Rex?
T-Rex: Just their body hair, Dromiceiomimus! Not only can they style it so that one mammal can look totally different from another mammal, but it's gotta be the most amazing way to lose weight. If you're too fat: no problem! Just squeeze out some hair and cut it off. Instant weight loss!
Utahraptor: I'm not sure hair works that way.
T-Rex: Come on. You know PROBABLY it does.
T-Rex: The only place that the energy and matter needed to produce body hair can come from is through food! Bottom line: that's a VIABLE WEIGHT-LOSS VECTOR that I simply don't have.
Utahraptor: But you've got fingernails, right?
T-Rex: Holy crap! I DO
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: I cut off my fingernails, but they were only a few grams and took weeks to grow back! It also didn't help that I chewed them up into a crunchy paste before I swallowed them though.
T-Rex (punchline): Okay I need to start keeping some thoughts to myself, like, ASAP


T-Rex: One day the ability to travel BETWEEN timelines is invented! If you don't like an event that happened here...
T-Rex: ...switch to a timeline where it didn't happen!
T-Rex: Of course, the second this happened people started switching timelines like crazy. Spill coffee all over your new couch? NEW TIMELINE. The slow decline of democracies in the face of populism? NEW TIMELINE. Ask someone out and they said no and now you're too embarrassed to see them again?
Dromiceiomimus: New timeline?
T-Rex: NEW TIMELINE.
Utahraptor: What about if I'm the guy with the couch?
T-Rex: Huh?
Utahraptor: What about if I'm the guy who DIDN'T spill coffee on my couch, and then another me shows up and is like "this is my couch now"? I don't want that clumsy oaf on the couch! He's already spilled coffee on it once!
T-Rex: Oh, you just move to a timeline where he didn't show up.
T-Rex: In conclusion, this causes a cascade of timeline refugees, but on the plus side really unpopular timelines are almost empty, so that's nice.
Off panel: Does this story have a moral?
T-Rex: My friend!
T-Rex (punchline): Not in this timeline!!


Narrator: T-REX THE TALKING DINOSAUR IN:
T-Rex: Is it true that the content of our thoughts - their very meaning - is determined, at least in part, by our environment?
Narrator: SEMANTIC EXTERNALISM COMICS
T-Rex: Okay, suppose I think "I love chocochops", which are of course delicious chocolate pork chops with a real pork chop bone. And say there's a twin Earth, completely identical - EXCEPT that there, chocochops have a different chemical makeup, but taste and look the same! If my twin thinks "I love chocochops", he's actually referring to the one with CRAZY CHEMICALS, while when I think that, I'm referring to a chemically different object. The environment determines our semantics!
Utahraptor: Ah, the famous "Twin Earth" thought experiment of Hilary Putnam!
T-Rex: SOMEONE CAME UP WITH IT FIRST?
Utahraptor: Yeah, only his example was about water having a different composition on Twin Earth, instead of those hauntingly stupid chocochops you invented. The point is that both thinkers have the exact same mental state but are saying different things, and the environment is responsible for meaning there.
Narrator: EPILOGUE: A FEW DAYS LATER, T-REX CALLS HIS GRANDMOTHER.
T-Rex: But I don't mention anything about semantic externalism!
T-Rex (punchline): Sometimes I like to call her just to say hello


T-Rex: All funny t-shirts use the same unmodified t-shirt canvas:
T-Rex: Slogan on the front! And maybe on the back sometimes!
T-Rex: Forget that, man! Let's kick it up a notch or two! Let's break free of our self-imposed t-shirt boundaries.
Dromiceiomimus: How? Funny sweaters? Funny evening gowns? Funny HOSIERY?
T-Rex: Layers, Dromiceiomimus! SEQUENCES.
T-Rex: Beneath an "I'M WITH STUPID" shirt, wear another one that says "NO, NOT REALLY".
Utahraptor: Handy in case Stupid gets mad!
T-Rex: Exactly! And beneath that, another shirt that says "IF I WAS STANDING NEXT TO A VISIBLE MINORITY WITH THE OTHER SHIRT I DIDN'T MEAN IT AND I APOLOGIZE!!" Beneath that, "YOU GUYS, I'M NOT ACTUALLY RACIST"; beneath that, "IT WAS JUST THE UNFORTUNATE JUXTAPOSITION OF MY SHIRT FROM 4 SHIRTS AGO AND A PERSON"
T-Rex: I was inspired when I saw a racist person stripping!
T-Rex (punchline): I thought, wow, if only they'd been wearing the shirts I just invented.


T-Rex: Britannic was Titanic's sister ship! After Titanic sank, they upgraded her to make her MORE SINKPROOF. But before she could begin transatlantic service, the Great War broke out and she was converted into a GIANT FLOATING HOSPITAL.
T-Rex: And it was as a hospital ship that she struck a mine and sank!
Dromiceiomimus: That's true, T-Rex, but she sank for very different reasons than the Titanic. Despite the huge hole in her side, she could've remained afloat and motionless, if it weren't for the fact that nurses had opened portholes on the lower decks to get a breeze! Water flooded in as soon as the ship listed. As much as the Titanic is a symbol for hubris, the Britannic is a symbol of how SHIT GOES FOUL sometimes no matter how well you plan.
T-Rex: INTERESTING.
Utahraptor: The ship sank only a few miles from shore, didn't she?
T-Rex: Yep!
T-Rex: The captain actually gave the order to gun the engines and beach the ship on the shore, but some lifeboats were launched against orders, two of which ended up DRIFTING INTO THE PROPELLERS, with pretty much the results you'd expect.
Utahraptor: Holy smokes.
T-Rex: Yeah.
Narrator: THE MORAL OF THE STORY:
T-Rex (punchline): Shit certainly DOES go foul sometimes, you guys


T-Rex: It's possible that one day, an advanced civilization (and not necessarily our own!) might be able to reasonably simulate an entire universe, or at least enough of one to fake it for simulated people living inside.
T-Rex: And these simulated dudes wouldn't even know they're in a simulation!
T-Rex: And if a civilization can do this once, it's likely that they'd EVENTUALLY do it more than once. They could even reach a point where simulations are mass produced: billions of disposable toy realities used for experiments, research, or given to children during Future Christmas!
Utahraptor: Sure, maybe in some hyper-advanced future!
T-Rex: Sure!
T-Rex: But if we assume that SOMEONE can reach this level, then what's more likely: that WE'RE the ones who develop this technology without actually being in a simulation ourselves, or that we're all stuck in one of the TRILLIONS of simulations being run AS WE SPEAK??
Utahraptor: *gasp*
Narrator (punchline): DINOSAUR COMICS WISHES YOU A HAPPY AND PROSPEROUS 2010


T-Rex: Hello my name is T-Rex and I'm a boy!
T-Rex: POP QUIZ, hotshot:
T-Rex: HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT'S REALLY TRUE??
Dromiceiomimus: Because... you're clearly the world's #1 best and most-qualified authority on you, so I'd obviously trust what you're talking about. Also, if I did suspect you were SECRETLY a girl, it's not like I could ever prove you wrong. I can't DEBATE you into a gender identity.
T-Rex: Good answer, Dromiceiomimus! I award you... TEN POINTS.
Utahraptor: Honestly, I think it would be more fun if you WEREN'T such a boy!
T-Rex: Explain!
Utahraptor: Well, gender's expressed through presentation, and you present as boy all the time. It's just a little... boring, you know?
T-Rex: What?! My gender identity isn't BORING!!
Utahraptor: Sure, fine! I guess there's nothing more interesting than "boy presenting as boy"!! TELL ME MORE.
God: DON'T FEEL BAD DUDE VANILLA IS DEFINITELY THE MOST INTERESTING OF FLAVOURS
God: SECOND ONLY TO THE RICH COMPLEX FLAVOUR OF A BOWL OF PLAIN ROOM TEMPERATURE WATER
T-Rex (punchline): These disses! They're almost TOO sick!!


T-Rex: I have a problem! The problem is that when I'm chatting online with someone, I - I sometimes steal their writing styles?
T-Rex: It's like I have no chatting identity of my own!
T-Rex: If they're not using capital letters, I'll stop using them too, because I don't want to seem all hoity-toity! And if they're using smilies then I might throw a few in, just so they don't feel like I look down on them. It's like - I'm somehow so insecure about how I type that I become this chatting chameleon. You know, Dromiceiomimus?
Dromiceiomimus: I guess!
Utahraptor: Man, I wish you'd adopt MY chatting style, both style-wise AND content-wise!
T-Rex: *gasp*
Utahraptor: T-Rex, I'm always "Hey, here I am ready to intelligently discuss the Issues of the Day" and you're all, "d00d what's for breakfast?? :000!".
T-Rex: Well. Maybe. But I feel comfortable with you! I guess I do it with people I haven't known for as long. I'll do better next time, okay?
[messaging application window with conversation log between <rex> and <utah>]
Window title: Awesome Chat 2: AWESOME PEOPLE ONLY
Menu: File Edit Search Awesome? Help
Caption: [above a picture of T-Rex] Your avatar:
T-Rex: hey utahraptor
T-Rex: hey
Utahraptor: Hey, what's up?
T-Rex: dude not much
T-Rex: check in out i just found the best emoticon EVER
T-Rex: OGC
Utahraptor: I don't get it.
T-Rex: turn your head
T-Rex: IT'S A DUDE MASTURBATING
T-Rex: hahaha
T-Rex: OCC - shit, i never took out the garbage!
T-Rex: OGC - oh wait!! i did!
T-Rex: hey
T-Rex (punchline): tell your friends okay


T-Rex: I have come up with the ULTIMATE COMEBACK to be used on musicians! All I have to do is wait for one to put me down, and then I can be all:
T-Rex: "Oh yeah? Well here in the REAL world, WE don't get to rest for 32 bars!"
T-Rex: Hee hee! It's funny, Dromiceiomimus, because sometimes in a song musicians get to rest for 32 bars, while here in the real world, we don't get to do that because we're not, um - trained musicians.
Dromiceiomimus: I got that, yeah! It seems like it would only work on a musician who's lazy though, right? Or who's insulting you about being lazy?
T-Rex: IT WILL WORK ON ALL MUSICIANS. Just you wait!
Utahraptor: Do you even know any musicians, T-Rex?
T-Rex: I will soon!
Utahraptor: I see! You're going to befriend some musicians, purely for the hope that one day one of them will turn out to be a jerk and insult you and then you can use your elaborate zinger on them!
T-Rex: YEP! Here's a tip: it's part of the reason WE first became friends.
Narrator: YEARS AGO:
T-Rex: Oh yeah? Well HERE in the REAL WORLD, the rest of us don't have to raise the giant toenail of our second toe up while running to avoid damaging it!
Off panel: That's a racially charged insult!
T-Rex (punchline): I take it back I take it back!!


T-Rex: We have a period for a full stop and a comma for a pause, PLUS the amazing semicolon that kinda walks the line between them both. But could we live our best lives? Could we, perhaps, have...
T-Rex: ...MORE??
T-Rex: Punctuation that captures a deep sigh! Punctuation for a raised eyebrow! Punctuation that, AT LONG LAST, fully captures the experience of the words being spoken by a live speaker! WE HAVE THE TECHNOLOGY TO DO THIS. We can invent any punctuation we want.
T-Rex: Why aren't we?
Utahraptor: I mean, we kinda already have!
T-Rex: Explain!
Utahraptor: Emoji! You can drop in a face emoji to literally capture some of this, and get more abstract and representational. Poop emoji! Boat emoji! All APPARENTLY useless, but now all being used to better explain the meaning behind bare words - just like punctuation does!
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: TWO QUESTIONS: 1) why are there TWELVE train emoji but NOT ONE for how it feels when a dog looks at you and winks?? And 2):
T-Rex (punchline): Who put train nerds in charge of language because I TOTALLY could've told you this was gonna happen


T-Rex: Let's say you've dropped your toast on the floor. Pick it up, my friend! This is just one of many...
Narrator: PROBLEMS THAT ARE EASILY SOLVED
T-Rex: Or if you've misplaced your keys, you can check the places you usually leave them, and if that fails, retrace your steps! If this happens often, try getting a second set of keys you can use in these situations - then you won't be late for wherever it is you're going!
Dromiceiomimus: That certainly is a problem easily solved!
T-Rex: EXACTLY!
Utahraptor: What if I'm worried my cousin is throwing her life away on a HARMFUL DRUG ADDICTION?
T-Rex: T- That's...
T-Rex: ...well, that's just not a problem easily solved, Utahraptor. That's still a problem that we CAN work on solving, but I don't think I can easily solve it for you here today.
Utahraptor: Ah.
T-Rex: In the meantime - can't find a twist tie when you need one?
T-Rex: No problem! Try dropping a twist tie into your garbage cans BEFORE you put the bag in. When you remove the bag, the tie will be there waiting for you!
T-Rex (punchline): NICE.


T-Rex: One day scientists invent a way to download our brains into robot bodies!
T-Rex: This is great news for those of us who are tired of our fleshy, noticeably nonrobotic bodies!
T-Rex: And once you convert a brain into data, you can OF COURSE back up and restore that data. So not only do people never die, but they can also be ROLLED BACK, restoring yourself to a previous version if you screw up!
Dromiceiomimus: Creepy!
T-Rex: Oh, it gets creepier! Because data can also be COPIED, yo!
Utahraptor: So you make copies of yourself?
T-Rex: Sure. But also? OTHER PEOPLE.
T-Rex: You date someone for fifteen years and then break up. No problem! Here's a robot with an old backup of your sweetie. Enjoy another good decade or so!
Utahraptor: Eugh.
T-Rex: You've creeped yourself out? NO WORRIES! Just restore YOURSELF too. Save scum your own life!
Banner: Thanks to robots, love can now technically last forever!!
T-Rex: Wait. is "technically" a pun there?
Banner (punchline): Technically, yes


T-Rex: There are a lot of problems in the world! Someone ought to do something.
T-Rex: Wait a second!
T-Rex: I'M someone!!
T-Rex: Okay Dromiceiomimus, I'M going to do something about all the problems.
Dromiceiomimus: Great attitude, T-Rex! And I'm sure people already working on problems will appreciate the help. Which problem(s) are you going to focus on?
T-Rex: Uh... all of them?
Utahraptor: Might help to focus on one or two of them.
T-Rex: Of COURSE! Utahraptor - that's IT!
T-Rex: There's BILLIONS of people alive right now, and surely - SURELY - there's not actually BILLIONS of problems. If everyone take one problem each and solve it, then it won't be a lick of work! And then we could have this licked lickety-split!
Off panel: Great, I'll take solving the problem of world hunger!
T-Rex: And I'll take our sudden overuse of lick-based idioms! It doesn't make a lick of sense, but I'm sure I can lick it into shape!
T-Rex (punchline): OH NO, IT'S GETTING WORSE


T-Rex: [thinks] OMG YOU NEED TO GET A TATTOO
T-Rex: OMG, I need to get a tattoo!
T-Rex: Okay, here's what I'm thinking: a dog bone that says "dogs" inside of it, OR a dog bone that says "dogs" inside of it in Times New Roman, OR - and this one is my favourite - a dog bone that says "dogs" inside of it in an awesome 80s computer font.
T-Rex: ...Big into dogs over here.
Utahraptor: Got anything that's not about dogs?
T-Rex: No, I'm afraid that doesn't interest me!
Utahraptor: Really? No interest for a tattoo of a robot with cool pecs? Or a tattoo of a burger surrounded by a banner that reads "I KINDA LIKE EATING THESE"? Or a chest tattoo that says "IF YOU CAN READ THIS THEN WOW, I GUESS I TOOK MY SHIRT OFF"?
T-Rex: STOP YOU ARE BREAKING MY MIND WITH THESE AWESOME IDEAS
Off panel: A tattoo on your butt that folds in when you clench to reveal the message "FLEX TO MEET YOU"?
T-Rex's head: *crack*
T-Rex: !!
T-Rex (punchline): Oh man, now you've done it


T-Rex: Everyone, there's no need for all this fussin' and a-feudin'!
T-Rex: Oil is totally a renewable resource!
T-Rex: We just have to give it time, okay? We'll all go and do something else for a while, when we come back there'll be oil EVERYWHERE. The place will be rotten with it, and then we can stuff that into our cars, okay?
Utahraptor: Is this "I am technically accurate but not practical" day?
T-Rex: Of course not!
T-Rex: Today is "What would things be like if we had lifespans of millions of years? Guys, let's pretend" day.
Utahraptor: Ah. So we're still burning through oil much faster than it's being formed.
T-Rex: Only if you're not participating in today's theme!!
T-Rex: Hey, since we live for millions of years, let's go make some staggeringly beautiful art that can only be created by synthesizing thousands of years of experience, hopes, fears, triumphs and failures into one transcendental expression of life!
Off panel (punchline): I need to be home by 7


T-Rex: I once read a scifi story from history times, where the characters used the morning dew - which rises every morning - to travel to the moon! They captured it and were pulled up into the sky with it when it rose!
T-Rex: It was a ridiculous idea and I hesitate to even call it "science"!!
T-Rex: People in the past were incorrect about lots of things, and they're all dead, but they should all feel embarrassed about it. THE END.
Dromiceiomimus: Why does dew rise? It's water, evaporated by the sun.
T-Rex: Huh?
Utahraptor: What's the sun? A giant nuclear fusion reactor. Would a nuclear fusion reactor generate enough power for rocketry? Yes.
Utahraptor: All the INGREDIENTS are there, they're just assembled in the wrong order!
T-Rex: PLEASE. A reactor would be too HEAVY to fly; you'd need some way to transmit energy wirelessly, like -
Utahraptor: - LIKE A SUN'S RAYS??
T-Rex: oh my god stop
Off panel: The sun fuses 60 million metric tons of hydrogen every second! What's more futuristic than that??
T-Rex: If I may repeat myself in French?
Off panel: Please.
T-Rex: MON DIEU
T-Rex (punchline): ARRTE


T-Rex: People like different songs because they have different tastes in music. This I concede.
T-Rex: However!
T-Rex: I still think there could be One Perfect Song!
T-Rex: I think some day, someone - let's say, ME - might sit down and write a song that is legitimately great. A song that transcends personal taste and never gets old and is everyone's favourite, without exception. The best of all possible songs. What would the music world be like if there were no longer any chance of anyone else having a number one song - THE number one song? What if everyone was left fighting for second place?
Utahraptor: I actually think it would be fascinating!
T-Rex: Really?
Utahraptor: Yeah! It would be amazing seeing how some artists react, knowing that the best epitaph they could hope for was "runner up". I think you'd see a lot of esoteric music, exploring areas that aren't in the number one song!
T-Rex: Well! I guess I'd better get to work, huh?
Narrator: MEANWHILE, IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE SOMEONE HAS ACTUALLY ACCOMPLISHED THIS:
Off panel: Yo, I'm not number one but I'm still good / My parents know that I've done / basically the best I could!
T-Rex (punchline): Man! I miss OLD gangsta rap.


T-Rex: Why am I here?
T-Rex: Good question!
T-Rex: Am I here to fulfill some higher purpose? How can that be, if I remain completely unaware of it?
T-Rex: It appears that there is some aspect of myself that craves a meaning - any meaning - to my actions.
Utahraptor: If you feel so aimless, why not create your own meaning and invest your actions with it?
T-Rex: Good idea!
T-Rex: So what meaning do you see my actions representing?
Utahraptor: The futility of life?
T-Rex: Oh man!
T-Rex (punchline): Now I feel worse than ever!


T-Rex: The web is full of links, but there's no way I'm going to visit them all. So who's to say those pages actually exist? Maybe they're just there to fake me out and give me the IMPRESSION we built a dang ol' world wide web!
T-Rex: Who's to say I'm not the only person using the internet??
T-Rex: I'm serious! It's possible that I'm just getting lucky and hitting the few pages that people created for me in advance!
Dromiceiomimus: Or maybe... we're simply creating them on the fly when you request them?
T-Rex: OH MY GOSH THAT FINALLY EXPLAINS WHY MY INTERNET IS SO SLOW!!
T-Rex: You guys take like FOREVER to write this stuff out!
Utahraptor: This is ridiculous, dude!
T-Rex: Is it? Is it REALLY?
T-Rex: Take Wikipedia: how can I get mad at the errors when articles are being pulled together in like two seconds, which I guess isn't that bad? And when the page is vandalized to read "butts lol ;)", that's just a desperate stalling tactic for more time!
Utahraptor: Well, if this paranoia helps you calm down about Wikipedia, I'm all for it!
T-Rex: Paranoia?? Man, I'm proposing a vast worldwide conspiracy where people work to HELP ME OUT ON DEMAND and LET ME LEARN ABOUT BOATS AND POKMON.
T-Rex (punchline): If this be paranoia, I would like a double-down refill please!


T-Rex: Whenever I think of the phrase "good to the last drop" I think of friggin' Maxwell House Coffee.
T-Rex: I don't even drink coffee!
T-Rex: They have lexicalized the phrase AND associated it in my mind with their stupid branding!
T-Rex: And if someone says "can't get enough of that Sugar Crisp" NOT ONLY do I think of Sugar Crisp, I think of the jingle too!
Dromiceiomimus: Oh, actually, about that: they're rebranding it, T-Rex. It's now referred to as "Golden Crisp" in most major markets.
T-Rex: WHAT? They store a phrase in my sparkling mind and now they're abandoning it? I call FRIGGIN' SHENANIGANS on that!
Utahraptor: So what are you going to do?
T-Rex: Um, refer to it as "Sugar Crisp" till the day I die??
T-Rex: Except THEN I'll just be reinforcing their original branding. Okay, tell you what: I can't forget the slogans but I CAN substitute their brands with something I do want to remember, like intercourse!
Utahraptor: "Can't get enough of that intercourse"?
T-Rex: Exactly! "Silly rabbit! Intercourse is for kids." Wow!
T-Rex (punchline): That idea backfired incredibly quickly!


Narrator: COMICS FOR HETEROSEXUAL WOMEN today's comic HOW TO PLEASE A MAN
T-Rex: Ladies! Pleasing a man is EASY!
T-Rex: Here are some simple sexy secrets to pleasing your man!
T-Rex: Men love a woman who remembers his birthday. Try remembering your man's birthday, and then when the big day comes, tell him that you hope he has a good time, because he deserves it!
Dromiceiomimus: That IS a good tip!
T-Rex: It works on all men who have been born.
Utahraptor: Here's one: try being nice to him, even if you're having a bad day!
T-Rex: Solid!
T-Rex: Finally, experiment with remembering your man's interests! That way, when a gift is called for, you can look for one that dovetails nicely with those interests. He won't forget it!
Utahraptor: Wow! I personally don't see how any relationship can fail with these sure-fire tips.
T-Rex: I agree! I would say that if the relationship is failing despite these tips, then you and your man may have insurmountable, fundamental differences, even if you love each other more than you can say. Nothing's meant to last forever, ladies!
T-Rex: Anyway!
T-Rex (punchline): Food for thought!


T-Rex: Okay, so we use food to build our bodies, right? Everything we are comes from food. Even the sperm and egg cells we came from were made by our parents out of food.
T-Rex: These are Science Facts!
T-Rex: Anyway, I was just thinking that how weird it is that our bodies are basically PROCESSED FOOD, but when processed food comes OUT of our bodies (tears, hair) we throw it away!
T-Rex: ...Sometimes we eat it if it's boogers and we're kids.
Utahraptor: You throw your tears away?
T-Rex: Well, I don't sell 'em for profits!
T-Rex: Look, it's just weird that we're food is all. Especially when we CONSUME OUR OWN BODIES to help them grow!
Utahraptor: What? No we don't. That's gross!
T-Rex: Um, hello, I'm pretty sure you've not spat out every drop of saliva that ever squirted into your mouth!!
T-Rex: Welcome to the world, babies! It turns out being alive means you keep your mouth moist with your own juices, only sometimes it's too much juices, so you chug 'em into your belly and feed on them like they're food. Sometimes it happens while you sleep!
T-Rex (punchline): Yayyy mortality


T-Rex: Mylings are Scandinavian ghosts! They're way better than regular ghosts, you guys!
T-Rex: They're the ghosts of cheezed-off kids!
T-Rex: They're cheezed-off ghost kids who just want to be buried properly. And if you encounter one, it hops on your back and demands to be taken to the nearest graveyard. And as you approach the graveyard they grow heavier and heavier, until they're so heavy that you can sink into the ground under their weight. And if that happens then they kill you in a rage and try again with the next guy!
T-Rex: AWESOME.
Utahraptor: What's awesome? It's awesome to be dead?
T-Rex: Man, who knows?!
T-Rex: But what IS awesome is the idea of a ghost who just wants to be buried, but who, despite this one consuming desire, also can't resist pulling the old "increasing mass piggyback ride" prank.
Utahraptor: I get the sense you empathize with these ghosts a lot.
T-Rex: Oh man, I totally do!
T-Rex: If I could increase my mass, you can bet I'd be going for gag piggyback rides ALL THE TIME! As it stands though, all I can do is eat fruit from passing trees DURING the ride.
Off panel: I see.
T-Rex (punchline): Yeah, it definitely takes too long


T-Rex: Hi, I'm a computers guy! I'm terrible at coming up with names that aren't horrible!
T-Rex: I think something as rad as "bionic implants" should be called "wetware"!
T-Rex: I thought a game controller should be called a "joy stick", a visual user interface should be an acronym pronounced "gooey", and instead of wanting an audience for my website I want "eyeballs"! I WANT TO ATTRACT EYEBALLS.
T-Rex: EVERYONE AROUND ME WANTS TO ATTRACT EYEBALLS.
T-Rex: WE ALL THINK THIS IS NORMAL.
Utahraptor: Hey, you've infected MY vocabulary now too!
T-Rex: OH NO
Utahraptor: Yep! I don't watch videos: I consume content. And I don't make videos: I produce content! And when I screw up in my videos I tearfully say that I only ever wanted to provide my fans with the best content I could. I USE IT SO SINCERELY, T-REX. PUT "CONTENT PRODUCER" ON MY GRAVESTONE.
Narrator: SUDDENLY, T-REX WAKES UP!
T-Rex: PHEW! It was all a dream!
Off panel: And yet, "content" still reframes creative work as a fungible asset whose sole purpose is to fill a corporate container!!
T-Rex: Nooooooooooo
T-Rex (punchline): Also, were you watching me sleeeeeeeep


T-Rex: I discovered some bad news yesterday: my bicycle needs a new seat!
T-Rex: The SHAFT upon which the seat is MOUNTED has become bent!
Dromiceiomimus: Whoah, T-Rex! Such sexualized language!
T-Rex: I'm sorry! It's just hard to talk about bicycles without sexualized language. That's the nature of the beast!
T-Rex: I also need a new PUMP for my tires.
Utahraptor: I'm pretty sure you could avoid this if you wanted, T-Rex!
T-Rex: I really don't think I could!
T-Rex: To summarize: the THRUST of what I'm saying is -
Utahraptor: "Thrust"?
T-Rex: -apparently unable to PENETRATE your skepticism-
Utahraptor: You're not impressing anyone, T-Rex!
God: YEAH I'M NOT IMPRESSED EITHER
T-Rex: Really?
God (punchline): OKAY MAYBE JUST A LI'L


Narrator: HOW TO BE PATRONIZING
T-Rex: Oh shoot, it's so easy!
T-Rex: AND so fun! AND a recipe for a one-man party!
T-Rex: Okay, so the first secret to being patronizing is to react to everything people do with an aloof amusement, as if it's so PRECIOUS that they did something all on their own. Aren't you just so SPECIAL, Dromiceiomimus?
Dromiceiomimus: Nobody wants to be patronized to, T-Rex.
T-Rex: Aw, sure they do, Dromiceiomimus! Here, let me give you a pat on the head. You've earned it!
T-Rex: Another great secret is to call people "Champ".
Utahraptor: Seriously, T-Rex. Knock it off.
T-Rex: What's up, Champ? Something bothering you?
Utahraptor: God damn it, you're making everyone angry. Why are you even doing this in the first place?
T-Rex: Don't you worry about it, Champ! Here, have some Lego. If you try super hard, you can get some to stick together!
T-Rex (punchline): Aww, don't worry Champ! Not everyone gets it on their first try!


T-Rex: Okay I KINDA FIGURED this would be done by now, but apparently not? Apparently y'all be slacking hard??
T-Rex: I guess if you want something done, you have to describe in detail how to do it yourself!!
T-Rex: Okay, first get a computer. Then, program that computer to take text as input and use semantic analysis to figure out the topic of that text. Then, use a synset database to find related words connected to that topic. Finally, replace any words in the text that have synonyms in your synset! So a text about bikes would replace "'I like bikes!' said Rob" with "'I like bikes!' SPOKE Rob".
T-Rex: Because bikes have spokes!!
T-Rex: And if Rob is tired, then the program will change "TIRED" to caps! Because bikes have tires!!
Utahraptor: Aw man!
Utahraptor: This is just software that adds crappy puns to everything!
T-Rex: YES. Is it not brilliant?
Utahraptor: Hmm. What's brilliant is I could run it in reverse and REMOVE crappy puns from anything. Oh man, it could be an email plugin! OR BETTER: a cochlear implant!!
Narrator: SOON:
T-Rex: Utahraptor, come over for lunch! I think you'll find my soup is, shall we say... SOUPERB??
Off panel: Hey, I just heard you bragging that your soup is, shall we say... QUITE GOOD??
T-Rex: Aw dang it
T-Rex (punchline): It's true


God: HEY T-REX THE NEXT TIME SOMEBODY ASKS YOU FOR ID YOU SHOULD PULL DOWN YOUR PANTS AND SAY THIS IS ALL THE ID I NEED
T-Rex: Genius; only I don't wear pants!
T-Rex: You know that, God.
God: OKAY WELL IF YOU WORE PANTS IT WOULD WORK REALLY WELL ON ALL SORTS OF THINGS
God: THIS IS ALL THE THESIS DEFENSE I NEED
God: THIS IS ALL THE BIKE HELMET I NEED
God: THAT SORT OF THING
God: OH MAN
God: I CRACK MYSELF UP SOMETIMES
T-Rex: Listen, God-
Utahraptor: T-Rex?
T-Rex: Utahraptor, am I glad to see you! Listen, can you explain to God that His joke would be funny if we wore pants, but we don't wear pants, so He can stop talking about it?
Utahraptor: I'd like to, but I don't believe in your God! I think he's all in your head.
T-Rex: Well?!
God (punchline): HUH


T-Rex: Oh my gosh I just found out about a political form that beats democracies AND pornocracies combined! It's the best. THE BEST.
T-Rex: You guys! Let's ALL move to a -
God: A PUPPET STATE IS NOT WHAT YOU THINK IT IS T-REX
T-Rex: Well crap
Narrator: THE END
T-Rex: Utahraptor, do you - do you ever get sad?
Utahraptor: I do! Do you, T-Rex?
T-Rex: Yeah, whenever I imagine a world so much better than ours, yet so clearly impossible! Reality doesn't measure up.
Utahraptor: Well, we invented planes, we can chat up Australians from almost anywhere, AND we've chilled out on the moon. Maybe your impossible world won't be impossible someday!
T-Rex: Yeah, but how far away are the things I want? 10 years? 50?? How long can I expect to live?
T-Rex (punchline): Listen, if sentient puppet kings and portals that work everywhere and not JUST on special walls are on the coming-soon list, I may be willing to cut out SOME red meat!


Narrator: PICKUP LINES FOR 2020
T-Rex: Girl is your body the news? Because it is unbelievable!
T-Rex: And such that if I described it to someone a decade ago they would not believe me!!
T-Rex: Girl are you democracies around the world, because when I look at you I can feel my foundations crumbling??
Dromiceiomimus: Girl are you the gig economy, because I feel like you'd start out all fun and flirty before making my life and the lives of my friends measurably worse??
Utahraptor: These aren't very good pickup lines.
T-Rex: I know, I know, I'm working on it!
T-Rex: Girl are you YouTube, because -
Utahraptor: - because I'll like AND subscribe! DONE.
T-Rex: - because you'll be fun until you start queuing up alt-right conspiracy videos after everything I watch.
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: Girl are you Facebook, because you keep getting caught going through my phone without permission to find out who I've been talking to??
Off panel: No, I'm not Facebook, T-Rex.
Off panel (punchline): Though I *am* doing that thing you said; no regrets


T-Rex: It's time for some plasticized new slang! Some plasticized -
Narrator: NEW SLANG FOR TEENS
Dromiceiomimus: You're using "plasticized" a bit unusually there, T-Rex. Is that part of your new slang?
T-Rex: YES. I figure, existing words are already familiar to everyone, so I'll just expand their semantics! Plasticized now means both "irreproachably amazing" AND "past participle of 'plasticize'". And it's for teens, because teens are the thin edge of the language wedge!
T-Rex: And when they pick up on it, the "seniorettos" will follow!
Utahraptor: "Seniorettos"?
T-Rex: Non-teens. Older non-teens, actually. Younger non-teens are called "babypants", as they have been since time immemorial.
Utahraptor: Well, when you find some teens, be sure to let them know your new slang!
T-Rex: TOTALLY ON IT.
Narrator: FIFTY YEARS AGO:
Off panel: This is a sculpture I did of the child I hope to have one day! He'll be a doctor, and he'll spend all his time helping others and curing horrible diseases.
Off panel (punchline): It's gonna be so great


T-Rex: Sherlock Holmes, who was both the world's greatest detective AND the world's most famous person named "Sherlock", sighed.
T-Rex: Watson was late again!
T-Rex: "Sorry I'm late," said Watson - who was also the world's most famous person named "Watson" - as he arrived. He explained that he was held up by their fans, seeing as both he and Sherlock worked in the same building, which made it easy to stalk them.
Dromiceiomimus: "If only I had a less famous boss," he said, "or you had a less famous sidekick".
T-Rex: "Indeed," said Sherlock!
Utahraptor: But then, Moriarty arrived!
Utahraptor: "It occurs to me," Moriarty said, "that as the world's most famous person named 'Moriarty', how unlikely it is the three of us would each come to define our name. Perhaps we need each other, much as a hypothetical 'Jokester' might need an equally-hypothetical stern man in a bat costume."
Off panel: Sherlock and Watson had no idea what Moriarty was on about, for the world's most famous person named "Bruce Wayne" had not yet been born! Instead, they punched Moriarty until he stopped doing crimes.
T-Rex (punchline): THE END, MORALS HAVE NO PLACE IN CONTEMPORARY ADULT FICTION


T-Rex: One day Amy died, and became a ghost. And then she was reunited with all her old pets, who had also died and become ghosts! She had a LIFETIME'S worth of dogs!
T-Rex: Things were working out great for ol' Amy!
T-Rex: At least until she remembered that the dogs she'd had while living were reactive dogs who didn't do well with others. She'd worked on training while they were alive and although they'd all made a lot of progress together, none of them were ever going to be dogs that enjoyed the company of other animals. And now she had eight of them around her at all times! There were constant fights between her pets!
Utahraptor: But ghosts stick around because of unfinished business, yes?
T-Rex: Yep!
T-Rex: Her ghost dogs had one job left: to protect Amy. She held her dogs, telling each that she was fine, that everything was fine. They were good boys. They were good girls. They were great dogs. And one by one, their lifelong task at last complete, her dogs settled into her arms, fell into a contented sleep, and slowly faded away.
T-Rex: When her last dog was gone, Amy too began to fade. Her final thought was that while she had no idea what was next for her, she was certain of one thing.
Off panel: What's that?
T-Rex (punchline): THAT SOMETIMES STORIES ARE SAD, AND I'M SO SORRY ABOUT THAT


T-Rex: When a BABY poops through a diaper, his clothes, and the swaddling, it's treated as a gross yet still impressive feat...
T-Rex: ...but when I do it, it's just gross?
T-Rex: Mods??
Narrator: THE END
T-Rex: When a BABY throws up milk, everyone coos and pats him on the back!
Utahraptor: Everyone does that!
T-Rex: But when I throw up milk, everyone takes several steps away and says "oh god stop drinking that much milk, can't you see it doesn't agree with you, this happens every day, why, why".
Utahraptor: Again: seems like a double standard??
Narrator: THE END
Narrator (punchline): THANK YOU FOR READING "COMPLAINTS ABOUT BABIES COMICS"


T-Rex: Ah, to be a child again! To have no responsibilities! To have a high metabolism that allows me to eat whatever I want!
T-Rex: To chase after birds in the park, wearing nothing but a grin!
Dromiceiomimus: Your idea of childhood is chasing after animals naked?
T-Rex: Well - after being small and irresponsibly eating a lot, yeah.
Dromiceiomimus: That's pretty weird, T-Rex!
T-Rex: It's not THAT weird, is it?
Utahraptor: It's a little weird!
Utahraptor: It's just that it's such an odd image of childhood, and that you came up with it before other more popular images, like splashing in puddles or whatever! Did you once memorably chase naked after a bird? Is that it?
T-Rex: Hah! I deny all these scurrilous allegations!
God: DUDE BY MY COUNT YOU'VE CHASED AFTER LIKE TWO HUNDRED AND SEVENTY THREE BIRDS WHILE NAKED
T-Rex: There's no shame in that! I do everything naked!
God: HAH
God (punchline): ME TOO MAN


T-Rex: Video games are a not inexpensive hobby! A game can cost upwards of $15!
T-Rex: Much upwards of $15, if we're being honest with ourselves!
T-Rex: And it's not just games. Books, movies, heck - ALL entertainment could stand to be cheaper. And here's the thing: eventually, it DOES get cheaper!
T-Rex: Older games are always less expensive! Wait a few years and you'll get them on sale!
Utahraptor: Wait a few more years and you'll get them used at garage sales!
T-Rex: Yes!
Utahraptor: Wait a few more years still and eventually the copyright will expire, making the work free!
T-Rex: Yes!! Use your 200+ year lifespan to OUTWAIT CULTURE, and eventually you'll save upwards of $15!! Much upwards of $15, if we're being honest with ourselves!!
T-Rex: Yes, this is indeed but one of the many ways in which the previous immortal generation is screwing over us millennials.
Off panel: Also, they're refusing to retire but then blaming us for not finding a job opening!
T-Rex: UTAHRAPTOR
T-Rex (punchline): THEY WON'T DIE


Narrator: THE MYTH OF KING MIDAS
T-Rex: Midas was a king who was nice to a friend of the God of Wine, and so he gets a wish from the God of Wine! NICE! And so Midas wishes that everything he touched would turn to gold.
T-Rex: Instantly the ground he's standing on transforms into gold!
T-Rex: The gold change races across the planet's surface and down into the mantle like a shockwave, transmuting it instantly. In seconds, the Earth's iron-nickel core becomes pure non-ferrous gold, and the planet's magnetic field is lost. Unshielded from solar wind, every living creature begins to absorb desperately fatal levels of radiation. The soft gold of the planetary crust is unable to sustain the weight placed upon it, and begins to buckle and distort.
T-Rex: Midas watches in horror as his planet dies a golden death!
Utahraptor: But not for long!
Utahraptor: He's soon overcome by the terrible sensation of drowning on dry land: any air that touches his lungs is being transmuted on contact into tiny flecks of gold. He suffocates and dies as his lungs fill with the formerly precious metal.
Off panel: Air that touches his cooling body continues to transmute, and he's soon covered in a fine golden layer of ash.
T-Rex (punchline): The moral is not to make wishes like that, King Midas!!


T-Rex: Let's suppose we all have cows! Ladies and gentlemen: this is totally awesome.
T-Rex: Now we all have cows!
T-Rex: But let's also say we all share a field for them to graze in. The problem is that any field can only support so many cows -- any more and those ladies will gobble the grass faster than it can regrow!
Dromiceiomimus: So it's in our shared interest to not overcow the field.
T-Rex: NO OVERCOWING. Yes!
Utahraptor: But if I add just ONE extra cow, it's not going to be the end of the world.
T-Rex: Exactly!
T-Rex: But the tragedy is we might ALL rationally conclude "one more cow won't hurt", which destroys the field! Worse, we can foresee this situation, and realize our only option left is to get all our cows in the field as quickly as possible, BEFORE it's gone.
Utahraptor: That's pretty terrible!
T-Rex: To conclude: this is why I got the heck out of authority-free shared land cow ownership!
T-Rex (punchline): S-T-R-E-S-S.


Narrator: HOLE FACTS cut and save
Narrator: maybe put it in your wallet?
Narrator: you know, if there's room
T-Rex: Holes appear everywhere in nature! You've probably heard of black holes, but have you heard of vesicles? They are bubbles of gas in lava that's solidified. That's right: they're just specialized holes!
Dromiceiomimus: DID YOU KNOW: a grave is just a specialized hole??
T-Rex: I FRIGGIN' DO NOW!!
Utahraptor: Holes can be as long as whatever they are piercing -- but no longer!
T-Rex: Wow!!
T-Rex: Can you have a hole within a hole?
Utahraptor: Generally no. But some advanced theorists argue... yes?
T-Rex: Whoooaaaahhh
Narrator: THE END
Narrator: SUPERFLUOUS SIXTH PANEL:
T-Rex: I hope you learned... a HOLE lot!!
Narrator: SEE
Narrator (punchline): WHAT'D I TELL YOU


T-Rex: Sometimes when people win the lottery, they end up getting into a lot of trouble because they don't know how to handle that much money.
T-Rex: Dear lottery officials: I would not have such troubles!
T-Rex: I would invest the money wisely and live reasonably. My only extravagance would be a pair of diamond-studded house slippers, and upon my death, I would donate them, and my riches, to charity!
Utahraptor: Which charity?
T-Rex: Huh?
Utahraptor: Which charity would you donate to? Is it perhaps a charity dedicated towards RESUSCITATING YOUR DESICCATED CORPSE?
T-Rex: What? No, I wouldn't think of doing that. I'm not trying to set up a Walt Disney-esque scheme for tax sheltered reanimation here!
Narrator: T-REX SOMEHOW SETS UP JUST SUCH A CHARITY BY ACCIDENT:
T-Rex: These events only serve to further undermine my credibility!
T-Rex: Man!
T-Rex (punchline): Friggin' events!


T-Rex: Time for me to invent a new emotion! THIS emotion is for when you're nostalgic for a time you were never alive in, like when a chick is nostalgic for the time of pirates! Or, when a dude misses being a 16th century courtesan.
T-Rex: It also happens when folks spend a lot of time wishing they could be Shakespeare's Pal!
Dromiceiomimus: But you can't really invent a new emotion-
T-Rex: Dromiceiomimus, let me just stop you there. If you're going to say that emotions are FELT, not invented, and that as I couldn't "invent" gravity so too can I not invent a feeling, but merely observe and perhaps label it, then that is a good point that I should have considered myself.
Dromiceiomimus: Alright!
Utahraptor: So what's this specific breed of nostalgia called?
T-Rex: Protonostalgia!
T-Rex: Protonostalgia is a proper subclass of nostalgia. It's a new feeling for a new generation.
Utahraptor: But "proto" implies "before" - couldn't there be a better name for this?
T-Rex: Perhaps your opinions will change... when you check out my ULTRASWEET poster!
[black and white poster]
Poster: PROTONOSTALGIA
Poster T-Rex: Do you miss being a pirate? I miss being a pirate.
Poster T-Rex: We've all made some bad decisions.
Poster (punchline): emotion by t-rex


T-Rex: Today is a good day I think to reminisce about the past!
T-Rex: Okay! Here I go!
Narrator: SEVERAL MINUTES LATER:
T-Rex: DANA was totally flirting with me!
T-Rex: Hah! I can't believe I didn't see it at the time. I can't believe I didn't see it until now!
Dromiceiomimus: Who's Dana? What'd she do?
T-Rex: I went to University with her. She said at the time that she found me handsome, and I said that it was "probably just her own ideas of attractiveness interacting with my own personality and unchangeable genetics."
T-Rex: What the heck, past me?
T-Rex: I guess I was young and believed no woman could ever find me attractive of her own volition!
Utahraptor: Still - pretty bad!
T-Rex: But what a nice realization to finally have though, right? Perhaps there were DOZENS of women flirting with me in the past, yet unnoticed!
Utahraptor: Instead of looking for dates, you could scour your memories for missed romantic opportunities!
T-Rex: What you suggest in jest, I will do with conviction!
T-Rex: [thinks] Okay... Katherine - no. Muriel - nope. Ermeswindis - yes! Yes! Wait... no. No. Man, thanks for nothing, ERMESWINDIS.
T-Rex (punchline): [thinks] I still think your name's rad though


T-Rex: "Garden path" sentences are those that trick you into thinking that they will mean one thing, but then as you read more of the sentence, that meaning is shown to be false!
T-Rex: For instance: "The horse raced past the barn fell"!
Dromiceiomimus: Why, that sentence is senseless!
T-Rex: Aha, my friend, so it would seem! But it actually refers to a horse, which at some point in the past was raced past a barn, and now that same horse has fallen over!
Utahraptor: That sentence is stupid!
T-Rex: What are you saying?
Utahraptor: What I'm SAYING is that nobody would ever say that. They'd say, "The horse that I raced past the barn has now fallen over"!
T-Rex: Well, they could, but they could ALSO say my sentence!
Utahraptor: Only if they were incurably insane! Do horses even fall over?
T-Rex: Sure man, all the time!
T-Rex (punchline): Farmers call them nature's dominoes!


T-Rex: Batman scowled, which matched the permanent scowl he'd had molded onto the front of his mask. The Riddler was back once again with the ill behaviour. And it was up to Batman to stop him!
Narrator: COMICS WITH A NICE CAKE IN THE LAST PANEL "our promise to you"
T-Rex: The riddle left for him by the Riddler read as follows: "when is a country like a state"?
Dromiceiomimus: Huh?
T-Rex: That's what Batman said. Aren't countries states already?
Utahraptor: Maybe it's more like a state of mind.
T-Rex: Possible, but way too open!
T-Rex: In fact, the more Batman pondered it, the more he realized that MOST riddles admitted more than one solution, and the "correct" answer often had only the fact that the questioner thought of it to recommend it. The mind can find tons of connections between two disparate objects!! RIDDLES ARE FAKE AND BAD!
T-Rex: Instead of answering the riddle Batman punched the Riddler into a giant nice cake, left over from one of his previous adventures.
T-Rex and off panel (punchline): Yaaaaay


T-Rex: Go to a country where homosexuality is outlawed, and you know what you'll sometimes see? Men touching each other casually! Men hugging!
T-Rex: Men walking down the street arm in arm!
T-Rex: You can get this perfect storm of the toxic "REAL MEN AREN'T GAY" idea colliding with "ALSO, SINCE LEGALLY HOMOSEXUALITY IS A FOREIGN PROBLEM AND CLEARLY DOESN'T EXIST HERE, WE DON'T NEED TO WORRY ABOUT BEING MISTAKEN AS GAY, SO LET US HUG THIS OUT MY DUDE". And it can result in physically closer male friendships!
Utahraptor: Yeah, at the cost of outlawing AN ENTIRE SEXUAL ORIENTATION!
T-Rex: Oh sure!
T-Rex: I'm not saying it's GOOD. But I think it suggests a lot of men, consciously or not, avoid being too physical with each other so as to not appear gay. And I think we can do better!! All this to say: let's hug this out, my dude??
Utahraptor: Such a hug will feel weird and deliberate.
T-Rex: ...
T-Rex (punchline): I'm ready when you are, my dude


T-Rex: The "laws" of physics say that nothing can go faster than light. Well you know what I think about "laws"?
T-Rex: I'll TELL YOU what I think about "laws"!!
T-Rex: I think that getting large groups of people to unanimously agree on anything is difficult to impossible and that some will always move outside of what the majority thinks is reasonable, and while I don't want the tyranny of the majority I believe that there are certain things (murder, assault) that the vast majority CAN agree is bad and so using the coercive authority of the state to outlaw them is ethical.
Utahraptor: I thought you were gonna talk about warp engines or something.
T-Rex: Oh! Oh, no.
T-Rex: I just wanted to talk about when the use of force is appropriate and thought a fun little scifi context would help pique people's interest.
Utahraptor: Well, it backfired! Now I don't want to talk about ethics. Now I just want to imagine cool spaceships!
Narrator: SECRETLY T-REX DOES TOO:
T-Rex: pew pew
Narrator: OKAY
Narrator (punchline): MAYBE IT WASN'T THAT SECRET


T-Rex: With a grin on his horribly twisted face, Professor Death activates his Death Ray, directing its powerful radiation towards the city!!
T-Rex: Which was great, because his eponymous Death Ray increases overall health and wellness!
T-Rex: And as we all know, people's names or what they look like obviously don't determine the kind of person they are. Professor Death was a kind and benevolent inventor, unlike CAPTAIN LIBERTY, a handsome and sexy super-awful villain who kept trying to stymie Professor Death's plans!
Dromiceiomimus: That's just so typical of him. God.
T-Rex: Captain Liberty, give it a rest.
Utahraptor: Friggin' Cap'n Lib.
T-Rex: Anyway, they fight, Liberty ends up hanging off a cliff, Professor Death offers his hand, Captain Liberty refuses and falls to his APPARENT death while shouting "Liberty shall not perish from the Earth!!". The end!
Utahraptor: Or is it??
T-Rex (punchline): I'm glad you asked, Utahraptor! It's actually not!! He survived and ended up changing his name to "Racism X. Murderbabies" which made us all feel kinda bad about thinking it was a much more appropriate name!!


T-Rex: Something that really resonates in stories is hope and inspiration: we want to see heroes winning, good triumphing over evil. We want to see a better world! So good news, cats and kittens!
T-Rex: I'VE written the most inspirational story ever!!
T-Rex: It's about a world in which everything is bad, and then this one lady shows up and fixes everything! Immediately! It's barely an inconvenience for her!
Dromiceiomimus: Does she encounter any, you know... obstacles?
T-Rex: NOPE! Everything she does works out instantly and perfectly. Wow! I know when I think of her I get inspired!!
Utahraptor: If she doesn't face obstacles, then it's hard to relate!
T-Rex: Ah, so tone DOWN the inspiration?
T-Rex: Okay, now everything she tries fails and then she dies! GOTTA SAY, NOT VERY INSPIRED RIGHT NOW.
Utahraptor: There's a middle ground, man! Where effort is challenged but she ultimately succeeds in SOME ways, but not EVERY way?
T-Rex: What, we'll only relate if successes are MITIGATED??
Off panel: ...I mean - yeah, I guess.
T-Rex: Hah! WOW, that's the greatest condemnation of reality I've ever heard.
Off panel: Oh, I've got more of them!
Off panel (punchline): I've got SO MANY MORE OF THEM


T-Rex: I guess I've been pretty lucky to get this far without making any big, life-altering mistakes. I think the biggest mistake I ever made was mixing up some juice from concentrate that had a ladybug in it!
Narrator: MISTAKE COMICS
Dromiceiomimus: Eww! How did that ever happen?
T-Rex: I was experimenting with mixing juice with a blender, and I guess there was a ladybug in the blender? ALL I KNOW is that when the blender turned off and the smoke cleared, my hitherto delicious juice had clearly-identifiable ladybug pieces floating on top. I recall saying "Aw man! My JUICE!"
Utahraptor: So - did you drink the juice?
T-Rex: No! Of course not!
T-Rex: But that's not what I wanted to talk about. I wanted to talk about how one bad decision can totally change your life, you know? Lost limbs, broken friendships, unexpected pregnancies with someone you don't really like: stuff like that.
Utahraptor: I woulda thought you'd drink the juice.
God: I THINK WE'D ALL RATHER HEAR ABOUT THE BUG JUICE T-REX
T-Rex: FINE. It was the worst juice, everyone. It had guts in it!
God: HAH HAH HAH
God (punchline): EWWWWWWWW


Narrator: T-REX THE TALKING DINOSAUR IN: "SELF-DOUBT SHENANIGANS"
T-Rex: Self-doubt!
T-Rex: While it can occasionally help us re-evaluate bad ideas, it can also be crippling. People who are too self-doubting can become (figuratively) paralyzed, unable to have even the smallest faith in their abilities! USUALLY, this is unfounded.
Utahraptor: Why all this talk about self-doubt, T-Rex? Are YOU self-doubting?
T-Rex: Hah, of course not!
T-Rex: Besides, if I was, it would be self-skepticism, not self-doubt. Doubt can be irrational and unfounded, but skepticism relies on a critical evaluation of the facts at hand, and an informed judgment of their merit.
Utahraptor: Hah!
T-Rex: No, but I don't have any doubt in myself, see?
T-Rex: T-Rex rules the schools!
T-Rex (punchline): I cannot stress this enough!!


T-Rex: I feel odd.. as if my amnesia is wearing off!
T-Rex: Uncanny! All my memories are flooding back in a torrent of life history!
T-Rex: I remember this tiny house and car! I liked to step on them regularly! Like so!
T-Rex: And I remember you, Dromiceiomimus!
T-Rex: Do I ever!
T-Rex: And I remember this tiny woman! I remember I liked to stomp on her!
Utahraptor: You do it every day!
Utahraptor: Personally, I wish you'd stop.
T-Rex: Holy! How'd you do that thing with your voice just now?!
T-Rex (punchline): Seriously, it makes me feel like doing whatever you say!


Off panel: Hey T-Rex, do you want to go swimming this evening with me and some friends?
T-Rex's mind: Do I want to go swimming?
Radio button: Yes
Radio button: No
T-Rex's mind: Do I want to go swimming?
Radio button: Yes
Radio button: No
Radio button: Maybe, but who's going? I don't want to go swimming if that guy from high school who made fun of me at the beach is there.
Radio button: Hah hah, but what if he's really dumb looking now? Hah hah hah!
Radio button: [selected] "GREETINGS! Your face is now STUPID!!"
Radio button: Hah hah hah!
Radio button: Sweet.
T-Rex's mind: Wait, my list doesn't make sense. The responses don't follow from the question!
Radio button: [selected] It's cool
Utahraptor: T-Rex?
Utahraptor: What the heck, T-Rex? I invite you out a'swimmin, and you get a far-away look in your eyes and walk away?
T-Rex's mind: Aw darn, I totally did that. What should I do?
Radio button: [selected] Apologize
Radio button: [selected] Make a mental list
Radio button: [selected] Add small tasks so that accomplishment is EASY
Radio button (punchline): [selected] Radio buttons don't actually work like this


T-Rex: I have been assuming that our development as a people is linear, moving generally from less to more permissive. It occurs to me:
T-Rex: Maybe that isn't always the case!
T-Rex: Maybe 100 years from now people will look back on us and say "MAN I can't believe they permitted lifestyles different than my own, current lifestyle. Sheesh!"
Dromiceiomimus: Or maybe they'll look back and be aghast at all the animals we kill and eat for food?
T-Rex: Aw man, do you really think so? Frig, I'd be TOTALLY POOCHED. I've eaten so many friggin' animals!
Utahraptor: Most of us have though!
T-Rex: Yeah, but I'm totally the worst.
T-Rex: Future folks can munch on a carrot, look back on us and say "They were wrong to eat so many tasty animals." FINE. But then when they see the caliber, frequency and verve of MY animal consumption, they'll spit out their carrots in surprise! And the carrot chunks are 99% guaranteed to spell out the words "HISTORY'S GREATEST VILLAIN"!
Off panel: Come on! Our culture COULD end up swinging towards rampant fleshotarianism instead.
T-Rex: That's true. Man!
T-Rex (punchline): The future having different opinions than the present is making it REALLY HARD for me to be popular across all possible timelines.


God: T-REX YOU'RE SO DOWN ON THESE OLD FAIRY TALES WHY DON'T YOU TRY WRITING ONE
T-Rex: The ability to create is not necessary to have the ability to criticize but NEVERTHELESS - challenge: accepted!
T-Rex: Check it: once upon a time there was a beautiful little prince!
T-Rex: He was actually a girl in a boy's body though, which gave him SUPER POWERS. For example, when the other princes said that playing with dolls was dumb, he could play with dolls if he wanted to!
Dromiceiomimus: ...Wait. He rejects the cissexual dichotomy but still subscribes to traditional play gender roles?
T-Rex: Dromiceiomimus.
T-Rex: He's only six.
Utahraptor: So what happens? What's the conflict?
T-Rex: An EVIL FAIRY WIZARD!
T-Rex: Fairy turns all his friends into turnips, so our prince learns to travel back in time and turns the wizard into a turnip before the story starts! And then the story starts again, but this time, his friends pull out forks and say "Who wants TURNIPS??"
Utahraptor: Ah.
T-Rex: Was that like "Ah, that's amazing" or was it more "Ah, my friend has messed up and created something terrible. I need to let him know this without hurting his feelings - or do I? Could it be best to let him make his own mistakes?"
T-Rex (punchline): Because if it's the former then may I just say: AWESOME


Narrator: COMICS IN WHICH DISASTER STRIKES!
T-Rex: Here is a list of things that I've burnt:
T-Rex:  Toast!
T-Rex:  My house!
T-Rex:  Dinner!
T-Rex:  My fingers!
T-Rex:  RUBBER.
Utahraptor: You're forgetting one!
T-Rex: Which?
Utahraptor:  Bridges?
T-Rex: Oh, that's very funny, Utahrapt-
Narrator: JUST AT THAT MOMENT, DISASTER STRIKES!
T-Rex (punchline): [with red lines above his head] Look out behind you!!


T-Rex: People say inventing original characters is hard, but what they're forgetting is that they're actually really easy and everyone should stop crying and being big babies about everything. Just remember the secret to character generation:
T-Rex: Pop Culture A + Pop Culture B!
T-Rex: You want a new character? Here: Spock meets Bilbo Baggins. DONE. Oh, you want another? Friggin' Doc Brown meets Anna Karenina. BAM.
T-Rex: Your mind is already reeling at the possibilities, and you are welcome.
Utahraptor: Doesn't this get a bit derivative?
T-Rex: Only if you can see the influences!
T-Rex: You wanna hide them, just add another character. Doctor McCoy meets Ellen Ripley, by way of Kevin McCallister. KAPOW.
Utahraptor: Who?
T-Rex: The kid from Home Alone.
Utahraptor: Ah.
Narrator: SIX DAYS LATER:
Off panel: T-Rex, I can't stop thinking about Doctor McCoy meeting Ellen Ripley by way of Kevin McCallister! He's a tough as nails doctor who pranks as he heals!!
T-Rex: [thinks] FRIG
T-Rex (punchline): [thinks] I've already forgotten all context for this conversation??


T-Rex: In high school a bunch of us were talking about a television show!
Narrator: REGRET COMICS 2000
T-Rex: I'd seen it a little bit but they were all talking about a particular episode, so I played along and talked about it too. Eventually I asked a question, I forget what, but it somehow CLEARLY REVEALED that I had not in fact seen the episode at all. Everyone turned to me, and one guy I barely knew said "Why would you lie about something like that?" I had no idea! All I could say was "I don't know."
Utahraptor: That's not the end of the world, T-Rex!
T-Rex: I'm still thinking about it years later though!
T-Rex: I remember watching as someone went from respecting me to thinking I'm a liar: worse, a liar who does it for no reason.
Utahraptor: And who isn't particularly good at it.
T-Rex: AND WHO ISN'T PARTICULARLY GOOD AT IT, yes. Why'd I do it? It was so dumb!
T-Rex: *sigh*
T-Rex (punchline): The greatest proof that time travel isn't possible is that no future selves have yelled at me to stop messing the heck up


Narrator: THE UNIVERSE WHERE T-REX THINKS EVERYONE SHOULD GO TO CLASS, BUT NOBODY IS GOING TO CLASS:
T-Rex: Why isn't anyone attending their classes? Guys! Class is on! It's time to go to class!
T-Rex: What the heck is wrong with everyone in this Universe?
T-Rex: I just don't understand why nobody is going to class.
Narrator: THE END
Narrator: THE UNIVERSE WHERE EVERYONE GOES TO CLASS BUT T-REX:
Utahraptor: You're late for class, T-Rex!
T-Rex: Dude, you know what I say? I say, "forget class!".
Utahraptor: You can't say that! Class is important! Class is really important.
T-Rex: Hello? I play by my own rules. Rule number one: no going to class, baby!
T-Rex: Rules two through five are various socio-economic and anarchic justifications for not going to class. Rule six says it's really too bad that all the ladies are in class right now!
T-Rex (punchline): My philosophy - she has her limitations.


Narrator: HOW TO ATTRACT MEMBERS OF THE OPPOSITE SEX
T-Rex: Yes! THIS is a topic I know ALL ABOUT.
T-Rex: Okay! The first way is to draw attention to your hips!
T-Rex: This is because women have larger more flared hips then men do, on account of secondary sexual characteristics! So all heterosexual men cannot help but find women's hips UTTERLY FASCINATING, and all heterosexual women find men's hips FLABBERGASTINGLY EROTIC.
Dromiceiomimus: I've never really been that into hips, T-Rex!
T-Rex: Perhaps that is because you have a case of the perversions!
T-Rex: The second way is to draw attention to your skull!
Utahraptor: You mean face?
T-Rex: Nope, skull! Men have heavier skulls than women, so again, men find light skulls unbelievably sexy, and women find heavy skulls ASTONISHINGLY GORGEOUS.
Utahraptor: Hah! I'll bet you five dollars we can't find even one porn site that's about heavy and light skulls.
Narrator: BUT SOON, HILARIOUS CONSEQUENCES!
T-Rex: Utahraptor! Searching for internet fetish pornography has robbed me of any erotic desires I may have once had!
Off panel: Me too!
T-Rex and off panel (punchline): Let's never look at our bodies again!!


T-Rex: Wikipedia is too big! There's like, over 4000 words in it!
T-Rex: It's actually way over 4000 words, if we're being completely honest with each other!!
T-Rex: We're talking MILLIONS OF WORDS. And it's like, hello, who has time to read a million words? NOT NOBODY. If Wikipedia ACTUALLY WANTS TO BE READ, it needs to be condensed. LEARNABLE. And now it's done! Yes, Wikipedia is no longer something you can get lost in (WHICH IS A BAD THING, BEING LOST IS BAD). Instead, it's something you can read and say "That was okay, I guess!!"
Utahraptor: You vandalized Wikipedia??
T-Rex: NO, I didn't "VANDALIZE WIKIPEDIA". Gosh.
T-Rex: I started my OWN Wikipedia, called "ONLY THE GOOD STUFF...IPEDIA" that's got just the solid gold hits. How heavy is the whole universe? What does a naked dinosaur look like? That and literally DOZENS of other questions are answered in convenient, superficial detail!
Website: WELCOME TO...
Website: ONLY THE GOOD STUFF...IPEDIA.
Website: YOU HAVE SEARCHED FOR: "what does a naked dinosaur look like"
Website (punchline): FRIENDO, FEAST YOUR EYES


T-Rex: I think that there's no animal more symbolic than birds. They're so SAD!
Narrator: BIRDS ARE SAD COMICS
Dromiceiomimus: Sad? I never saw them as sad. If anything, they represent freedom, the giddy joy of flight and exploration and the promise of a better tomorrow!
T-Rex: Yeah, that's true. But whenever birds settle in an environment where there are no predators, the first thing they lose is their ability to fly. It seems the evolutionary purpose of flight is simply to avoid being eaten!
Utahraptor: And that's sad, T-Rex?
T-Rex: The idea of birds forgetting how to fly? Yeah, that's sad!
T-Rex: And man, imagine a pure white bird, a father of two baby chicks, lying dead and motionless on the sidewalk, killed because it flew into an office window? That's SUPER sad!
T-Rex: Go on, imagine it as hard as you can!
Utahraptor: Okay.
Narrator: THEY BOTH TRY:
T-Rex and off panel (punchline): Awwwwwwwwwwwww!


Narrator: THE ETYMOLOGY OF THE WORD "WOMAN" - IN COMIC FORM!
T-Rex: Many people believe "woman" is a sexist term, due to its apparent base in the word "man"! This has led to crazy alternative spellings like "womyn" and even "wimmen".
T-Rex: However, this is not the case!
T-Rex: The word originally derives from the Old English "wfmann", where "wf" meant "female" and "mann" meant a person of either sex: thus, a female human!
Dromiceiomimus: Man didn't mean male?
T-Rex: Nope! It derives from the Latin "humanus" (earthling), from "humus" (earth, soil)!
Utahraptor: And while "wf" meant female, "wer" meant male!
T-Rex: Exactly!
T-Rex: We can still see this today in words like "werewolf", which means, literally, a manwolf.
Utahraptor: So "werewolf" is actually a more sexist word than "woman"!
T-Rex: According to me: yes!
T-Rex: This is why I spell the word "wheirwolf", and why I ask that you do the same! You wouldn't want to be SEXIST, would you?
Off panel: I don't really see h-
T-Rex (punchline): You'd also be respecting my unique worldview!


T-Rex: Today I am talking about the made-up disease "ryoma", and there are many kinds of ryoma one can contract!
T-Rex: Festering ryoma, for instance!
T-Rex: Eww!
T-Rex: Creeping ryoma.
T-Rex: Salacious ryoma!
T-Rex: MEPHITIC OCULAR RYOMA.
Utahraptor: Aw man, these all sound disgusting!
T-Rex: I know! It's amazing!
T-Rex: Ryoma doesn't even exist, and yet it's the most disgusting disease ever.
Utahraptor: Hah, it really is! "Uvular ryoma".
T-Rex: "As we kissed, I could taste the ryoma on her lips."
Utahraptor: Hah hah! Gross!
Off panel: "When I woke this morning, my thighs were slick with ryoma"!
T-Rex and off panel (punchline): Ewww!


T-Rex: Are you ready for a story about a world much like our own, but with one TERRIFYING DIFFERENCE? Well I hope so, because here comes A WORLD MUCH LIKE OUR OWN BUT WITH ONE TERRIFYING DIFFERENCE!
T-Rex: In THIS story, dinosaurs die out and millions of years later humans take over!
T-Rex: SHOCKED ALREADY? Well good, thank you, but that wasn't the main shock. The MAIN shock is that ALSO in this world fossilization isn't a thing, so when we die out, in a few generations there's NO EVIDENCE THAT WE EVER EXISTED!! We fade into memory, then myth, then obscurity. 65 million years later, humanity inhabits a planet with NO KNOWLEDGE that they have inherited it from us!
Utahraptor: Ah well.
T-Rex: Yeah, we had a good run.
Utahraptor: Maybe a better story would be one in which OUR fossils survive, but since WE already dug up and destroyed the remains of the Gibbous Accursed who thrashed their unutterable and nauseous bodies here before us, THEIR legacy is forever invisible to human eyes.
T-Rex: Ignorance of them WOULD be a blessing.
Off panel: You know, I did almost forgot about them.
T-Rex: ...Yeah.
T-Rex: *sigh*
T-Rex (punchline): I tell myself that too


Narrator: THE DAY OF RAGE
T-Rex: All right!
T-Rex: I'm pissed off, so everybody get out of my way!
T-Rex: My rage brings destruction!
T-Rex: My rage brings DEATH!
Utahraptor: What the hell are you doing?!
T-Rex: Today is my "day of rage".
Utahraptor: I thought your "day of rage" was yesterday.
T-Rex: Shoot, you're right! Oh man...
T-Rex (punchline): I've got some 'splainin to do!


Narrator: LET'S MAKE ANOTHER FOOD
T-Rex: Hello and welcome to Let's Make Another Food! Today we'll be making "apple pie from scratch".
T-Rex: If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe!
T-Rex: Carl Sagan said it, and we respect a man who has such a deep, fundamentalist understanding of "from scratch"! So we'll be devoting our time to studying protouniversal dynamics in the hopes of creating a small, stable, personal universe in which apple trees might eventually be induced to grow.
T-Rex: Harvesting will be left as an exercise to the reader.
T-Rex: Okay, so we start with a superheated and dense force-unified space -
Utahraptor: - where'd it come from? Who made it??
T-Rex: Dude, who cares? We're not investigating our own origins here. WE'RE JUST MAKING DESSERT. All we need is a complete understanding of the universe as it was between time zero and 10^-43 seconds later and we're set!
Utahraptor: So dessert is delayed?
T-Rex: DESSERT COMES WHEN I GAIN ACCESS TO A PARTICLE ACCELERATOR.
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: THANK YOU FOR COMING OVER FOR DINNER, HERE ARE REHEATABLE PIES FROM MCDONALD'S FOR DESSERT
T-Rex: YES, THEY ARE NOT WHAT I PROMISED YOU
T-Rex (punchline): YES, I ABSOLUTELY DO NOT WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT


T-Rex: Does Batman exist? Oh please. PLEASE. He definitely does. And I can prove it, with -
Narrator: ONTOLOGICAL ARGUMENTS FOR THE EXISTENCE OF BATMAN.
T-Rex: First off: the world's greatest crimefighter is Batman. Imagine him now. Pretty great, right? But if Batman only existed in your mind, then he's COULDN'T be the greatest crimefighter, because the world's greatest crimefighter would exist both in your imagination AND in real life. Therefore, Batman exists in reality too. That's a Q.E.D., which stands for "Quite Excellent Debate (which is now settled, Batman definitely exists)".
Utahraptor: Immanuel Kant would disagree!
T-Rex: I kant believe it!
Utahraptor: Yeah man. He'd argue that existing adds nothing to perfection (in fact, the messy realities of the world may actually HARM it) therefore the world's most perfect crimefighter isn't made more perfect by existing.
T-Rex: No! NO
T-Rex: KANT MUST BE DESTROYED
Off panel: Of course, Kant would then argue Batman's a being of perfect crimefighting OUTSIDE the realm of our experience, thus there IS no way to verify Batman's existence, forever opening the door that he's out there somewhere.
T-Rex (punchline): ...KANT MUST BE PROTECTED AT ALL COSTS


T-Rex: Come on guys, I just want to pay the bill and leave! Why can't I find a waitress when I need one?
God: T-REX YOU JUST USED A GENDERED PROFESSION NOUN
T-Rex: *gasp*
T-Rex: Daaang, I totally did! I try not to, but sometimes a gendered professional noun slips through. Am I truly... A MONSTER?
Dromiceiomimus: Dude, you say "firefighter" instead of "fireman" or "firewoman". You're on the side of the angels.
T-Rex: Yeah, but that's because "firefighter" is way more awesome! Words that have "fight" in them are awesome.
Utahraptor: It's objectively true. So just apply it to other jobs, dude!
T-Rex: Oh my gosh YES.
Utahraptor: Garbagemen become garbagefighters. Waitresses become waitfighters which is what they do in ideal situations! If someone insists on calling you a "male nurse", gently correct them and say the preferred term is "fight nurse".
T-Rex: Manholes become FIGHTHOLES, Utahraptor. WE HAVE TO DO THIS.
T-Rex: I have said many things in my time, but what I say now I say with all sincerity and if you have even once considered listening to me, please, do so now:
T-Rex (punchline): WE HAVE TO FIGHT IN HOLES.


T-Rex: It's time to face facts. I've picked up - how do I say this delicately - "an expensive habit"?
God: T-REX ARE YOU DOING -
T-Rex: YES.
T-Rex: I'm doing OPERA.
God: OH PHEW I THOUGHT YOU WERE DOING DRUGS
T-Rex: Oh, I do them too! I've done aspirin, dude. I follow the instructions on the label!
God: NO I THOUGHT YOU MEANT HARD DRUGS
T-Rex: The instructions CAN be quite complicated
T-Rex: What I love about opera is that it's something I can't do!
Utahraptor: Have you tried?
T-Rex: Please!
T-Rex: It's like Batman: you need to have a singular focus on training since childhood to pull off such elite performance, and none of us did! But these singers and musicians DID have that drive and training. Once I realized opera singers were Music Batmen I got really into it.
Utahraptor: I can see that!
Narrator: THE MOMENT OF REALIZATION:
T-Rex: [thinks] Oh my god what if Bruce Wayne's parents had been killed by NOT having music around?? I'm watching the results of that right now!
T-Rex: It's
T-Rex (punchline): It's so beautiful


T-Rex: "Amelia and Antonio Tony decided to no longer have sex! This was some pretty exceptional character development. They both said the next few days were going to be intense. They said this during their now-copious free time."
T-Rex: "'Copious sounds like copulation', ejaculated Antonio!"
T-Rex: "It was a stupid observation to make. Plus, using 'ejaculated' to mean 'said suddenly' went out of style with corsets and growing your own pigs and four-digit years that start with '18'".
Dromiceiomimus: But Antonio didn't say that, you did. The narrator used "ejaculated".
T-Rex: "Nobody listen to Dromiceiomimus!"
Utahraptor: So... this is a - collaborative story?
T-Rex: "said Utahraptor, understanding dawning like a real dawn does."
Utahraptor: Okay. Antonio flicked his cigarette into the fireplace and glared back at the cop. "Amelia can't be dead. I saw her this morning."
T-Rex: "'Yep, she's not dead!' said the cop. 'I guess I forgot that when I said she was dead before.'"
Utahraptor: Tony felt the cold steel of the gun in his pocket.
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: "Antonio Tony remembered he didn't murder anyone!"
Off panel: Then he remembered that he did! BLOOD GOT EVERYWHERE
T-Rex: "Suddenly this was all a dream and everyone was sexual again, THE END."
T-Rex (punchline): ...That's not a bad ending; I gotta say.


T-Rex: Fifteen years ago people were first getting on the internet, seeing drawings of cartoon anthropomorphic animals, and going "okay wow guess that's what I'm into, LET'S DO THIS".
T-Rex: And that's how tons of people found out they were furries!
T-Rex: But it's ENTIRELY REASONABLE that if these people never got on the internet, they would've never DISCOVERED that was what they were into, never tripped over their own fetish like that. The depth and breadth of the internet has given us a hugely larger furry community than we'd otherwise have!
Utahraptor: So fifty years ago, much fewer furries!
T-Rex: EXACTLY.
T-Rex: Or more precisely: the SAME amount but undetected, even to themselves! This means there were ALWAYS furries, but they just need to be activated by seeing the right imagery. There's only one conclusion:
T-Rex and Utahraptor: SECRET FURRIES THROUGHOUT HISTORY.
Off panel: Lincoln?
T-Rex: Potential furry!
Off panel: Napoleon?
T-Rex: DEFINITE POTENTIAL FURRY.
Off panel: Oppenheimer?
T-Rex (punchline): "Now I am become furry, the yiffer of worlds" is, I believe, the gist of his famous quote


T-Rex: I have taken the aesthetics and beliefs of the romanticism movement and adopted them for my own!
T-Rex: I now emphasize my own subjective experience as visionary and trancendental!
T-Rex: I no longer value piety or virtue, or constancy (or consistency), or even the search for scientific truth! I only value my own capacity for experience!
T-Rex: As a consequence, my own actions can no longer be judged by any public idea of right and wrong! As experience is amoral, even my own conscience cannot judge my actions, and I am free from reproach and judgment!
Utahraptor: But T-Rex, this is nothing more than deifying the ego, defiant of conventional morality!
Utahraptor: You've chosen for yourself a philosophy that justifies everything you do as good, simply because you did it! Now tell me, how is that a useful moral and ethical system?
T-Rex: Well, um,
Utahraptor: "Well, um" exactly!
T-Rex (punchline): I thought maybe we'd have a good time discussing it?


T-Rex: People are always like, "Boo hoo hoo! I'm not motivated!" Well, not anymore! Not since I, T-Rex, have decided to become...
T-Rex: ... a motivational speaker!
T-Rex: It'll be fantastic, Dromiceiomimus! I will motivate through a combination of folk wisdom and "uncommon sense" advice couched in clever stock market analogies!
Dromiceiomimus: Sounds great?
T-Rex: Sounds MOTIVATIONAL!
Utahraptor: I don't think the world needs what you're offering, T-Rex!
T-Rex: Think positive, friend!
Utahraptor: No, really! I don't know anyone who's ever been motivated by an insincere catch phrase. I think you need to get back to basics, if you're serious about this!
T-Rex: Basics, eh? Hmm...
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: Excuse me! Unmotivated people? I'm T-Rex, your motivational speaker!
T-Rex (punchline): So! Has anyone here ever tried setting goals, and then achieving those goals?


Narrator: "T-REX AND DROMICEIOMIMUS" starring t-rex and dromiceiomimus
T-Rex: WHY WON'T THIS COMPUTER DO WHAT I WANT IT TO; I PAID ACTUAL MONEY FOR THIS COMPUTER
T-Rex: DOES IT NOT REALIZE IT BELONGS TO ME
God: T-REX YOU'RE SHOUTING
T-Rex: UM I'M SHOUTING BECAUSE I'M MAD AT MY COMPUTER
T-Rex: I THOUGHT THAT WAS PRETTY CLEAR
Dromiceiomimus: WHY ARE YOU MAD AT YOUR COMPUTER, T-REX?
T-Rex: WHENEVER I TRY TO DO STUFF IT'S LIKE "I'D RATHER REBOOT INSTEAD; THAT'S COOL RIGHT??"
T-Rex: IT'S NOT COOL
Dromiceiomimus: GOOD TO SEE YOU AS ALWAYS, T-REX
T-Rex: YOU TOO, DROMICEIOMIMUS
Narrator: "T-REX AND UTAHRAPTOR" starring t-rex and utahraptor
T-Rex: UTAHRAPTOR I SHOUTED FOR TOO LONG AND NOW I CAN'T STOP
Utahraptor: THAT'S NOT A REAL PROBLEM
T-Rex: ...
T-Rex: IT IS FOR ME
Narrator (punchline): THE END


Narrator: BAD KISSES COMICS
Narrator: featuring t-rex: dinosaur, protagonist, erstwhile smoocher
T-Rex: Here are some bad kisses I have had. Boy howdy!
T-Rex: KISS THE FIRST: one time I was SERIOUSLY kissing a lady and thought of how bad it would be if I started laughing right then, and the image of her being SO PISSED at me was so funny that I laughed right into her mouth! 16 months later, we broke up. COINCIDENCE??
Dromiceiomimus: Hey! You've laughed in my mouth too!
T-Rex: Don't try to change me, baby!
T-Rex: KISS THE SECOND: one time I kissed a woman who just threw up?
Utahraptor: EwwwwWWWW!
T-Rex: Well I didn't KNOW she'd just thrown up! She tried to warn me.
Utahraptor: What'd she say?
T-Rex: "Wait, I just threw - ", and then we were smoochin'! I THOUGHT she was going to say, "...out all doubts I had about our kissing in the near future."
T-Rex (punchline): I miss her


Narrator: DIFFERENT REPRODUCTIVE STRATEGIES, FROM WORST TO BEST
T-Rex: 8) grow the baby inside you and then get it out once it's a full sized baby! You know...
T-Rex: ...SOMEHOW??
T-Rex: 7) program a machine intelligence that calls you "the creator", i.e., a metaphorical birth/reproduction
Dromiceiomimus: 6) split into two identical clones of yourself, a technology that even AMOEBA have mastered, yet which still stymies even our maddest scientists, and which, I must say, is NOT helping them calm down
T-Rex: 5) pull off a limb and allow it to regrow a complete new you, starfish style
Utahraptor: 4) be a flower, hang out with friendly bees, cover them in gametes
T-Rex: God, IF ONLY
Utahraptor: 3) be permanently pregnant except on the day you give birth, carry your babies in a belly pouch, but also have the ability to freeze the development of your baby at your merest whim: KANGAROO STYLE
T-Rex: 2) lay a few reasonably sized eggs at a convenient time and location: DINOSAUR STYLE
T-Rex: 1) exogenesis: BLOW UP THE PLANET, send life into space carried on the debris, maybe it'll land somewhere cool eventually.
Off panel: I was gonna be mad at our way coming in second, but #1 IS the greatest.
T-Rex: Right?! UTAHRAPTOR: WE MUST DESTROY THE EARTH.
T-Rex (punchline): FOR SEX REASONS


Narrator: THE NEXT MORNING:
T-Rex: Holy craps my house cold. My house so cold that I forgot to say "is" in both those sentences. That cold!!
God: HAVE YOU PAID YOUR HEATING BILLS T-REX
T-Rex: Yes!
T-Rex: Probably!!
T-Rex: I don't get it. Hot air comes out of the heating vents but the place still stays cold. Have I a leaky, drafty house? If so, WHY HAVE I NEVER NOTICED BEFORE NOW?
Dromiceiomimus: Yeah, it was super cold last night! Next time you should put a space heater in your room or something!
Narrator: OH SNAP, THAT'S RIGHT. THEY SPENT THE NIGHT TOGETHER.
Narrator: EVERYONE: BE COOL
Utahraptor: Can you clarify how cold your house is, perhaps with a Star Wars analogy?
T-Rex: Yes!
T-Rex: My house is like the ice planet Hoth, in that my house is a ridiculous planet with only one climatic zone on it, and that zone is "CHILLYTIMES".
Utahraptor: I'm sorry to hear that.
T-Rex: I am too. It cold.
Narrator: LATER: T-REX FIXES HIS LEAKY WINDOW AND SOLVES THE PROBLEM. THE END!
Narrator: PS
Narrator (punchline): DROMICEIOMIMUS AND T-REX WOULD LIKE TO THANK EVERYONE FOR BEING COOL


T-Rex: Folk I Will Never Be Friends With: a list by me, T-Rex!
T-Rex: One! Folks who snap up expired domain names and fill them with porn!
T-Rex: It's terrible! You guys, you're like the kid in school who - who snaps up an empty desk and then fills it with - um, porn. Analogously, I mean. The point is YOU'RE NOT IMPRESSING ANYONE. Fill expired domain names with adorable pictures of puppies and then maybe we'll talk!
T-Rex: In fact, yes, we will talk! I'll be the one saying "oh my gosh oh my gosh SO CUTE"!
Utahraptor: Two! Folks who dismiss thousands of people out-of-hand based on one quality!
T-Rex: Three!
T-Rex: Folks who refuse to accept that one quality can easily be a dealbreaker!
Utahraptor: Four! Folks who say ostracization's better than reconciliation or rehabilitation!
T-Rex: Five! Folks who say that's a good point but it's not my role to make everyone conform to my world-view!
Off panel: Six! Folks who say that's ALSO a good point and furthermore, that there's certainly nothing wrong with personal tastes!
T-Rex: Hooray! Friends again!
T-Rex (punchline): Alright, so listen, my list got a bit crazy at the end there


Narrator: YOU DON'T KNOW ME BUT I LIKE YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS
Narrator: a web "card"
T-Rex: Your email address! It's -
T-Rex: It's SO GOOD.
T-Rex: Maybe it's whoistopless@ohheyeveryoneitsme.com, dowepartyhard@yesthatishowweparty.net, OR imtiredofpartying@guessimelderlynow.co.uk. Any of those are good.
Dromiceiomimus: But not great.
T-Rex: GOOD, but not great.
T-Rex: The focus on partying appeals, though!
Utahraptor: Okay, but the point of this card is that the recipient doesn't know the sender!
T-Rex: Right!
T-Rex: The sender's weird. I'm gonna assume she's a woman! She types in random email addresses she thinks are cool and then sends them web cards. What's her deal?
Utahraptor: whatisherdeal@irepeatwhat-is-her-deal.com.
T-Rex: EXACTLY.
Narrator: A FEW WEEKS LATER:
T-Rex: What's this, an email? From itsnotmybloodthankgoodness@iwokeupcoveredinblood.org?
T-Rex (punchline): How INTRIGUING!


Narrator: CLASSICS OF WESTERN LITERATURE COMICS
Narrator: now performed by DINOSAURS
T-Rex: To be or not to be...
T-Rex: That is THE question!
T-Rex: Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune...
Dromiceiomimus: ...or to take arms against a sea of troubles, and, by opposing, end them?
T-Rex and Dromiceiomimus: To die, to sleep - no more!
T-Rex: And by "a sleep" we say we end the heartache -
Utahraptor: - AND the thousand natural shocks that flesh is heir to!
Utahraptor: 'Tis a consummation devoutly to be wished.
T-Rex: To die, to sleep, to sleep, perchance to dream... Ay, there's the rub, for in that sleep of death what dreams may come, when we have shuffled off this mortal coil?
Narrator: MEANWHILE, IN TUDOR ENGLAND:
Off panel: EXCUSE ME
Off panel (punchline): monologues are usually performed by one person, T-REX


Off panel: *click*
T-Rex: Aw dang!!
Narrator: SOON:
T-Rex: Frig, Dromiceiomimus, I locked myself out! My keys AND everything else I own is trapped inside a house that, thanks to my thoughtlessness, I no longer have access to!!
Dromiceiomimus: You can hire a locksmith to cut the locks open.
T-Rex: HOW CAN I PROVE I'M ME?? All my ID is inside the house!
Utahraptor: Just show them a photo once you're inside!
T-Rex: Ridiculous!
T-Rex: That is a huge loophole that ANY NUMBER of evil twins could exploit.
Utahraptor: I think you'd be surprised how often there's no security measures against evil twins in real life. Why, you could ask your friend Utahraptor... IF HE WERE HERE!!
T-Rex: AHHHHHH-
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: -HHHHHPARENTLY YOU HAVE BEEN SUBSTITUTED FOR HIM
T-Rex (punchline): IS HOW I WOULD SUMMARIZE YOUR SENTENCE


T-Rex: Some people say my shoulders are great, while others like my cheekbones. Personally, I can't decide what my best body part is! ATTENTION, FRIENDS!
T-Rex: ...What would you say is my best feature?
Dromiceiomimus: Well if we want to answer this objectively, T-Rex, we need to define what "best" is. The "beauty" sense is too subjective, so we should go with something we can measure: CASH VALUE. Therefore, everyone's best features - including yours - are your sweet sweet valuable corneas, heart, bone marrow, and kidneys.
Utahraptor: Don't listen to her, T-Rex! Organ selling is illegal!
T-Rex: I... kinda assumed??
Utahraptor: All the government LEGALLY lets you do is break down your bodyparts and sell them for their elemental value, so your best features are your oxygen, carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and calcium. But these elements are all SUPER COMMON, and a body's worth only gets you a few bucks on the open market! Don't waste your time!!
T-Rex: ATTENTION, FRIENDS! This is the last time I go fishing for compliments. It's also the first time I wonder why my pals know so much about the market value for body parts!!
T-Rex (punchline): Anyway I think my eyes are cute af, T-REX OUT


Off panel: Excuse me, sir!! This bill you gave me is counterfeit!
T-Rex: Aw snapadoodle!
Narrator: "COUNTERFEIT BILLS COMICS"
T-Rex: So then I just gave her a new bill. It was a little embarrassing, but my REAL problem is what to do with this fiver, now that I know it's a fake!
Dromiceiomimus: Spending it would just shift the problem onto somebody else.
T-Rex: Exactly! And bringing it to a bank just means I'm out $5; they wouldn't exchange it for a real bill because then the counterfeiters could just go to the banks too.
Utahraptor: I think you are an unfortunate victim without recourse of CURRENCY CRIME, my friend!
T-Rex: Aw poo.
Utahraptor: The best you can do is report it to the police and be more vigilant in the future. Unless you're willing to further the crime by passing it off as legal tender, I'm afraid you're out the five dollars.
T-Rex: Man! You know where I got the fake money? Change from a friggin' fast food restaurant.
T-Rex: I blame the Colonel Sanders!
God: COLONEL SANDERS HAS BEEN ADDED TO YOUR REVENGE LIST
T-Rex (punchline): Well good!


God: HEY T-REX YOU SHOULD PROBABLY DO SOME CHRISTMAS SHOPPING SOON
T-Rex: I'm going to ignore the symbolism of this!
Narrator: T-REX IN: THE MALL
Narrator: THAT EVENING:
T-Rex: ARGH! I had hoped to avoid this realization, but it's inescapable: I hate the mall! I know it's a clichd thing to hate but it's TRUE. I hate the crowds and the cell phones and I hate the music and the consumerism and the shops that don't have anything that I want. And I didn't hate but I really disliked the burger I purchased in the food court. It had no toppings. Also it was very dry.
Utahraptor: You're becoming a generic stand-up comedian!
T-Rex: I'm not! I just feel their pain!
T-Rex: And YES, I understand that of all the things in the world to get worked up about, maybe poverty and climate change are above one soul-crushing shopping experience downtown. But man! The mall!
Utahraptor: Hah, if you felt as serious about climate change as you do about the mall, we'd have that settled in no time!
Narrator: T-REX TRIES TO GET AS WORKED UP ABOUT CLIMATE CHANGE, BUT IT KEEPS COMING BACK TO THE MALL:
T-Rex: Everyone! Support the implementation of the Kyoto Protocol!
T-Rex (punchline): ALSO SCREW THE MALL IN ITS STUPID FACE OKAY


T-Rex: Sometimes when you're in an accident or about to be hurt, time seems to slow down! This gives you more of a chance to react to ensure your survival!
T-Rex: THIS IS AWESOME.
T-Rex: Assuming that time isn't ACTUALLY changing, this means that my brain has the incredible ability to slow down my perception of time! I must harness this, Dromiceiomimus! I could become TRULY UNSTOPPABLE. I could read books faster AND also do well on timed tests!
Dromiceiomimus: It does sound like it would be an evolutionary advantage.
T-Rex: I am seriously trying to evolve so hard over here!
Utahraptor: But wouldn't it be boring?
T-Rex: Nope!
Utahraptor: Sure it would! If you're all "I perceive the world slowly, allowing me more reaction time", wouldn't this conversation be slowed down? Wouldn't everyone look like statues and sound like dull rumbles when they open their mouths?
T-Rex: THERE IS ONE WAY TO FIND OUT.
Narrator: T-REX INCREDIBLY GAINS THIS POWER FOR ONE DAY ONLY! IT'S SO PLAUSIBLE
T-Rex: [thinks] I'm trapped in a body that moves so slowly as to seem motionless. Ah well! At least I have plenty of time to think about... mammalian breasts?
T-Rex (punchline): [thinks] Self, what is the deal with mammalian breasts?


Narrator: GOOD EXCUSES FOR MISSING AN APPOINTMENT
T-Rex: Let's say you missed an appointment! You probably need some good friggin' excuses!
T-Rex: Well!
T-Rex: Here they are.
T-Rex: "My wife was giving birth and I guess I had to be there!"
T-Rex: "The world can no longer support the demands made of it and civilization has collapsed in a Malthusian catastrophe to a pre-agricultural level!"
T-Rex: "The roads were closed due to hail?"
Utahraptor: These are good, but they rely on a specific circumstances being true!
Utahraptor: In particular, I'd imagine one might determine whether or not society has collapsed without investing too much effort. Also: hail.
T-Rex: Oh! You're not supposed to use them if they're not true. I guess they're more "good reasons" than "good excuses", bro!
T-Rex: Holy crap!!
T-Rex (punchline): That was the first time I ever called someone "bro"!!


Narrator: TIPS ON FATHERHOOD from a man who has never been a father
T-Rex: That's me, baby!!
T-Rex: If you're a father you need to be rad, okay??
T-Rex: And then you need you make sure your child grows up to be EVEN RADDER THAN YOU, because that way we all get more rad as time goes on. And that's something we all can enjoy!
Dromiceiomimus: These aren't very practical tips, T-Rex!
T-Rex: Um, NAME ONE SITUATION IN WHICH RADNESS ISN'T PRACTICAL??
Utahraptor: Let us say that we agree radness is practical in all situations.
T-Rex: Yes! LET US.
Utahraptor: But I think what Dromiceiomimus was getting at is if you're a father, being told to "be rad" isn't very pragmatic. Let's hear some clear, concise tips on how to be a rad father! How do we get to that finish line?
T-Rex: Oh-kay!
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: Okay! Utahraptor, you know those "#1 Dad" mugs? They make thousands of those. You can buy them in bulk.
Off panel: So?
T-Rex: So the only tip I've got is this!
T-Rex (punchline): DUE TO CONTINUAL MISMANAGEMENT, I'm not sure the award has any meaning left


Sign: ASK PROFESSOR SCIENCE
T-Rex: Our first letter comes from Davis, writing: "Professor, a group of lions is called 'a pride'. Is a group of ghosts called 'a fraid'?"
T-Rex: A FRAID OF GHOSTS
T-Rex: OH MY GOD
Dromiceiomimus: OH MY ACTUAL GOD
T-Rex: THIS IS IT, THIS IS WHAT THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE WAS BUILDING TO
Dromiceiomimus: THE ONE PERFECT PHRASE
T-Rex and Dromiceiomimus: IT HAS BEEN ACHIEVED
Utahraptor: WITH PERFECTION AT LAST REALIZED, THERE IS NO NEED FOR ANY MORE ENGLISH
T-Rex: YES
T-Rex: ENGLISH HAS EXPRESSED ITS ULTIMATE SENTIMENT; ALL OTHERS ARE LESSER
Utahraptor: IT CAN NOW BE DISCARDED LIKE THE WORTHLESS HUSK IT HAS BECOME
T-Rex: LET US ABANDON IT AS WE ABANDON ALL REGRETS
Utahraptor: AGREED
T-Rex (punchline): SAOGNGA GALARSONK


T-Rex: People who say "Always be true to yourself" fail to consider that there are completely unrepentant murderers.
T-Rex: That's right, I said it! Some people's true selves are total chumps!
T-Rex: I would like it if the chumpified chicks and dudes were true to other selves, please.
T-Rex: There's lots of good ones.
T-Rex: ...Batman's an obvious choice.
Utahraptor: Shakespeare wrote it, didn't he? "To thine own self be true"?
T-Rex: Sure!
T-Rex: But Shakespeare wrote it for a CHARACTER, which doesn't mean that he personally believed it. You can write a story about a mad scientist and not actually want to wear retro aviator goggles all the time.
Utahraptor: You can?
T-Rex: I mean, the RHETORICAL "you" can.
T-Rex (punchline): *sigh*


T-Rex: Books are just congealed thoughts!
T-Rex: And sculpture is just condensed imagination!
T-Rex: Movies are just clotted adults playing pretend. Music is just humming with your hands or with a tube up in your mouth!
Dromiceiomimus: Thank you, T-Rex, for describing some of the most beautiful art forms in terms of gelatinous, thickening substances.
T-Rex: And mouth tubes!
Dromiceiomimus: And mouth tubes.
Utahraptor: In defence of movies and music, I could say that you're just talking meat!
T-Rex: And you'd be right!
T-Rex: Embrace it, dude! Jerk cuts you off in traffic, think "Wow, that meat drives a car but never learnt how to drive courteously." Next time someone is a jerk, think "Man, they're just food with opinions."
Utahraptor: Why am I listening to talking food?
T-Rex: Exactly!
T-Rex: Wait, Utahraptor, come back!
T-Rex (punchline): This food with opinions is your BEST FRIEND


T-Rex: Once upon a time, Jack came into possession of some strange beans, which when planted caused a giant beanstalk to suddenly and dramatically grow up into the clouds. Were there giants up there? He was eager to find out!
Narrator: JACK AND THE BEANSTALK
Narrator: a peer-reviewed fairy tale
T-Rex: Jack climbed up the beanstalk, but had to turn back once it started to get cold. He tried again the next day, but began getting dizzy once he reached a certain height - the air was too thin, and he'd need an oxygen supply if he were to go any further. He wasn't close to cloud level either, so there was still a long way to go.
Utahraptor: So he got an oxygen pack and went to meet the giant?
T-Rex: Well, he planned to!
T-Rex: However this took a few days, during which the tremendous pressure this giant beanstalk put on local soils became evident. It had exhausted them of both nutrients and moisture, causing all crops to fail, and starvation followed. Soon even the beanstalk itself turned to a brown, rotted husk.
T-Rex: Before he died, Jack said "I do not understand how such a plant could evolve, let alone reproduce in such a manner, especially since the square-cube law would seem to preclude a plant growing in the way we've observed."
Narrator (punchline): THE END


T-Rex: One day, the land on Earth and the water on Earth got swapped! All ground became ocean, and all ocean became ground!
T-Rex: Whoops!! Turns out this was fatal to basically everyone?
T-Rex: But there were a few survivors: people in planes and and those on beaches, where the land/water inversion had a minimal effect. Most, however, suddenly found themselves under miles of water while those in boats found themselves freefalling towards what had previously been the ocean floor!
T-Rex: It was rough friggin' times for anyone who'd gotten used to being alive!
Utahraptor: How did this happen?
T-Rex: Quickly! Oh, AND unexpectedly!
T-Rex: Switching from a planet of mostly land to a mostly water planet caused mass extinction, and -
Utahraptor: Wait, don't you mean "to a mostly-LAND planet"? That's what you get if you flip Earth.
T-Rex: No, Utahraptor: this isn't a story. It's HISTORY. OUR world IS the flipped world!!
Narrator: LATER, THE FOSSIL RECORD SHOWS PRECISELY ZERO EVIDENCE OF AN EARTH/WATER FLIP:
T-Rex: Man! History is the "um actually" of academic disciplines.
Off panel: Um, ACTUALLY, I'm pretty sure that's science.
T-Rex (punchline): ARGH!!


T-Rex: Man, parties used to be awesome! There'd always be somebody hooking up with somebody else and then there would be
T-Rex: DRAAAAMAAAAA
T-Rex: But now everyone I know is in stupid stable, long-term relationships!
Dromiceiomimus: So now you go to parties and just have a good time?
T-Rex: EXACTLY. I miss going to parties and having a good time AND getting sweet gossip!
T-Rex: Sometimes there were even FREE SHOWS
T-Rex: And soon these pals are gonna get MARRIED, and then the party drama stops forever!
Utahraptor: Not necessarily!
Utahraptor: You're forgetting what follows from marriage four out of ten times: DIVORCE.
T-Rex: Holy smokes, you're right! Divorced friends hooking up with each other's exes is going to be INTENSE!
Utahraptor: Guess you've just got to sit tight and wait for the relationships to end!
T-Rex: Oh my gosh it's going to be so great! To watch once in a while at parties I mean, not to have to live it 24/7
T-Rex (punchline): Hah hah


Narrator: DISEASE COMICS today's disease:
Narrator: Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva, or "FOP"
T-Rex: FOP is one of the rarest conditions known to medicine!
T-Rex: It's a genetic disorder that causes muscles and connective tissue to literally change to bone. As more and more tissue becomes bone, joints become fused and the inflicted person is eventually left ossified and completely unable to move! Attempts to remove the extra bone simply result in further bone growth. It is a very painful disease and there is no cure, BUT, the gene that causes it has recently been found, which gives us hope!
Utahraptor: Should we be talking about it like this? Isn't that a little - crass?
T-Rex: Not really!
T-Rex: We're spreading AWARENESS of the condition, which is a good thing!
Utahraptor: Yeah, but it's such a sensational disease! Maybe we should - I don't know, try to be less sensational about it. We shouldn't be making jokes.
T-Rex: Who's making jokes? I'm not making jokes.
Narrator (punchline): THE PRECEDING COMIC SHOULD NOT HAVE BEEN READ BY PEOPLE WHO ARE TERRIFIED OF GETTING EXTREMELY RARE GENETIC DISEASES


Narrator: ICE CREAM NIGHT
T-Rex: Who wants some ice cream?!
T-Rex: Dromiceiomimus, come over tonight! I'm going to have an ICE CREAM NIGHT.
Dromiceiomimus: Ice cream night?
T-Rex: Yeah! We'll all go out for ice cream! It'll be fun!
T-Rex: Ice cream!
Utahraptor: Hey, T-Rex! Beautiful day, isn't it!
T-Rex: It IS!
T-Rex: It's so beautiful, you should come over tonight for ice cream!
Utahraptor: Ice cream night?
T-Rex: You know it!
Utahraptor: I'm there!
Narrator: THAT NIGHT...
T-Rex (punchline): Shit, it's still winter!


T-Rex: When you break up with someone, can you still be friends?
T-Rex: Sources say, "Yep! SURE CAN!"
T-Rex: I think it's a good idea because you loved them, right? I don't see that changing just because you broke up. They still must be pretty great!
Dromiceiomimus: But - what if you broke up with them because you didn't love them anymore?
T-Rex: OKAY. But there still must be things that attracted you to them, and you can still have those as friends! Maybe they're really good at karaoke, or adept at shoe repair. That's attractive!
Utahraptor: That IS attractive!
T-Rex: That's what I'm saying!
Utahraptor: But I think you're ignoring the possibility that even just seeing this person could be too painful, shoe repair aside. That happens pretty often!
T-Rex: OKAY HONESTLY I did not expect this to be this complicated. All my breakups have been clean AND totally awesome!
Narrator: THE PAST BREAKUP CAM:
[vertical motion lines above T-Rex]
T-Rex: We jumped out of an orbital tower and are now freefalling from outer space onto giant trampolines!
Off panel: I know! I think we should see other people, baby!
T-Rex (punchline): That's cool!


T-Rex: Let's say I have a cat!
T-Rex: And let's say this cat gets hungry!
T-Rex: And let's say I don't want this cat to eat me (the real reason anyone feeds a cat? PERHAPS??) so I go to the store and what do I buy?
Dromiceiomimus: ...Cat food?
T-Rex: EXACTLY!! Pets get to eat one thing and be done with it! They don't worry about NUTRITION, because it's all taken care of in that one food!
Utahraptor: They CAN'T worry about nutrition.
T-Rex: Same difference, baby!
T-Rex: Meanwhile I have to navigate a grocery store full of food: there's good food, there's junk food, and I bet if I chose one random item and ate only that I'd DIE. How is that fair?
Utahraptor: You get a choice!
T-Rex: Sure, but where's the easy option? Where's the opt-out??
T-Rex: Utahraptor, real talk!
T-Rex (punchline): I would eat out of a box labelled "Dedicated To The People Who Get Hungry And Don't Care About Food, But Also Don't Want To Die", like, MINIMUM three times a week


T-Rex: Performative utterances are things that you can say, and hey presto, you've changed your life and the world around you! You've changed your life with WORDS. Like the Shahadah, this is insane! This is totally insane.
T-Rex: Let's do it!!
T-Rex: There's simple ones like "I promise to clean my room" (your future is now altered), but there's bigger ones like "I now pronounce you husband and wife": you weren't married before, and now, oh my God you guys, you're totally married! And then there's "I hereby christen this ship 'HMS Sinkytowne'" and "I sentence you to death by misadventure".
Dromiceiomimus: Saying "We declare war" is the same, isn't it?
T-Rex: Sure is!!
Utahraptor: Yeah, but you're only legally married when you sign the paperwork!
T-Rex: Well -
Utahraptor: And it's the same with christenings and sentences AND declarations of war: they all require paperwork! I'D argue that the performative utterance is just part of the ceremony, and that the real change is made when you sign on the dotted line.
T-Rex: Well, I mean... that's just our society?
God: T-REX YOU WOULD HAVE EASILY WON THIS ARGUMENT IF YOU'D MADE IT BEFORE THE INVENTION OF PAPER
T-Rex: Ah well. I'm still glad we invented paper!
God: ME TOO
God (punchline): OTHERWISE WHAT WOULD THE HMS SINKYTOWNE BE MADE OUT OF


T-Rex: When someone accidentally gets sent to the past, they always make sure to write a letter held in trust and delivered to their friends decades later, telling them that they made it alright!
T-Rex: Pretty disappointed this hasn't happened to me yet, you guys!!
T-Rex: MAYBE this letter will still be delivered to me in the future, but I'll be older then! If I'm to do anything about it - if I'm to go back and Save My Friend - I should be getting the letter now, when I'm in my prime!
Dromiceiomimus: Maybe the letter arrives when you're old because if you get it any sooner, you mess up in your rescue attempt and die! Or worse!
T-Rex: Huh! I hadn't thought of that!
Utahraptor: Man, you should!
Utahraptor: The letter probably says "Dear T-Rex, okay, let's try this again. You'll get this when you're 80, let's see if you can come back and save me without stepping on ALL the butterflies this time, alright bitches??"
T-Rex: *gasp*
T-Rex: No friend of MINE would commit a cuss like that to writing!
Narrator: LATER, T-REX TRIES IT AND COMMITS SOME CUSSES TO WRITING!
T-Rex: Nothing bad happened!
T-Rex (punchline): I don't understand.


T-Rex: I was asked for money on the street today, and after I gave what change I had, I was told quite aggressively by the guy that it wasn't enough! This can only mean that it's time once again to discuss everyone's favourite topic...
T-Rex: Panhandling!
T-Rex: And it's a tricky issue! Giving money to beggars can be helpful, but some feel it encourages bad behaviour and undermines the work of social support organizations. Plus there is always the rumour of beggars who take home hundreds of dollars a day! On the other hand, there may well be people for whom begging is the only means of support they have.
Utahraptor: You're sure using a lot of qualifiers there, T-Rex!
T-Rex: It's intentional!
T-Rex: I really don't know much about panhandling, and a lot of people feel very strongly about it. I don't know! I usually try to learn more about things by doing them, but if I panhandled I'd be a total poseur.
Utahraptor: I bet if *I* did it I'd be way more of a poseur than you!
T-Rex: Man, you're on!
T-Rex: Wait!
T-Rex (punchline): This belittles us both!!


T-Rex: What day is it? Friday? It must be Friday because it's time for more...
Narrator: SECRETS OF THE MEDICAL PROFESSION
T-Rex: So what you do is tap someone on the head, between the eyes and above the nose! They'll reflexively blink each time you tap them until they get wise to your game, at which point they'll suppress the reflex and the blinking will stop. But until then, THEIR EYELIDS ARE AT YOUR MERCY. YOU CONTROL SOMEONE ELSE'S EYELIDS WITH YOUR MEREST WHIM.
Dromiceiomimus: Neat, I guess!
T-Rex: Pretty neat I guess, yeah!
Utahraptor: So your secret is tap someone on the head and they'll blink? You must be fun at parties.
T-Rex: That's only part of it!
T-Rex: The other part is if they CONTINUE to blink after the first few taps, then that's one of the early symptoms of Parkinson's disease.
Utahraptor: Holy crap!
T-Rex: But it's not NECESSARILY Parkinson's. It could also be dementia! Or any number of progressive neurological illnesses, really.
Narrator: THIS PANEL INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Narrator (punchline): ON ACCOUNT OF HOW YOU ARE CURRENTLY TAPPING YOUR FACE


T-Rex: Time to talk more about my made-up country of Canada!
Narrator: HAPPY CANADA DAY COMICS
Narrator: a "PG-13" picto-story
T-Rex: In Canada, you get real winters AND real summers, and there's places where you can get winter all year round if that's your sort of thing!
Dromiceiomimus: Is that your sort of thing, T-Rex?
T-Rex: That is HECK NO not my sort of thing, but I'm glad to know it's an option!
T-Rex: Also, in Canada? Two chicks can totally get married!
Utahraptor: Neat!
T-Rex: Finally, there is social liberalism and national pride, but not one that is predicated on making other countries seem worse.
Utahraptor: But doesn't that imply any countries that don't have that desirable feature are worse off than Canada?
T-Rex: It - it does. Well heck!
Off panel: That's okay, T-Rex.
T-Rex (punchline): I fucked up Canada!


T-Rex: I feel like I don't really have a solid opinion on the really big international issues. There's so much to them - so much nuance! How can I have a defensible opinion on something I don't fully understand?
T-Rex: However! I do have MANY unsolicited opinions on smaller, local issues!
T-Rex: Those issues I can understand completely, and there I DON'T feel like someone who just happens to know their stuff better could best me in an argument.
Dromiceiomimus: What kind of issues are you talking about?
T-Rex: Oh, you know - issues like "should mothers with baby carriages be allowed to be extreme."
Narrator: EARLIER:
Utahraptor: Man, did you see how extreme that mother was?
T-Rex: With the baby carriage? Yeah!
T-Rex: She was totally extreme.
Utahraptor: I never saw a mother so extreme. Have you?
T-Rex: You know I would'a mentioned it to you if I had!
God: GUYS THAT MOTHER WAS SO EXTREME
T-Rex: God! Are there yet any laws against mothers being extreme, do you know?
God (punchline): NOT YET NOT TO THE BEST OF MY AWESOME KNOWLEDGE NO


T-Rex: I don't like it when something bad happens. Well, IN PARTICULAR, I don't like it when something bad happens and people say that "there's a reason" for it happening!
T-Rex: It turns bad things into a value proposition!
T-Rex: I'm all for optimism and for comforting people, so it's not TERRIBLE, but I've always read the phrase as saying "you're sad because you got a raw deal, but ACTUALLY things will be better in the future because of this event, so you're coming out on top!" It seems very - capitalistic, I guess? Like I would want to be comforted by being told that, despite appearances, I'm actually a savvy businessman?
Utahraptor: I think the phrase is more to try to find sense to a senseless loss, T-Rex.
T-Rex: I guess.
T-Rex: And I get that it's meant to comfort, and I respect that! I just don't like how it implies I'm sad because of a bad deal. I'm sad for the loss, you know?
Utahraptor: What brought this on? Have you suffered any losses lately?
T-Rex: Just one...!
Narrator: EARLIER:
T-Rex: God, where the heck are my socks?! I can't find any of my socks.
God: THINGS HAPPEN FOR A REASON T-REX
T-Rex: Hey, God?
T-Rex (punchline): SOCKS PLEASE


Narrator: FATALISM COMICS
T-Rex: Fatalism is when - ah, screw it!
T-Rex: I'm sure if you were meant to know about fatalism, you'd find out about it eventually. In any case, fatalism is the belief that future events are predetermined for the whole of time and are entirely unalterable!
Utahraptor: You just defined fatalism... despite your best efforts not to!
T-Rex: Oh my God!
T-Rex: It was FATE! I was destined to define fatalism as the belief that future events are predetermined for the whole of time, and are entirely unalterable!
Utahraptor: You just did it again!!
T-Rex: OH MY GOSH! Is this my role in life? Am I to be forever DEFINING FATALISM?
God: PROBABLY NOT
T-Rex (punchline): Looks like nope!


T-Rex: I've had a great idea! I'm going to convince one of my friends that I have a magical ring. But the catch is, the ring only works if you are pure of heart!
T-Rex: So, this friend of mine will undergo a regime of self-improvement!
T-Rex: However, when they finally have bettered themselves and are "pure of heart", they will realize that there was no magic ring: the magic was in them, all along!
Dromiceiomimus: But - that doesn't really make sense.
T-Rex: Sure it does! It's a magic ring!
Narrator: LATER...
Utahraptor: T-Rex, do you want to come over this evening to watch a movie?
T-Rex: Sure!
T-Rex: Actually, I was hoping I'd run into you. I have a MAGIC RING that I'd like to give to you! But the catch is, it only works if you are pure of heart.
Utahraptor: Oh - thanks, but nevermind. I had one of those before, and it turns out the magic was in me, all along.
T-Rex: Well, would-
T-Rex (punchline): Would you like another?


T-Rex: You know what? We totally can put an exact price on life, down to the nearest cent.
T-Rex: In fact, we do it all the time!
T-Rex: Every time we land somewhere on the gradient between safety and expense, we do it. If a new ambulance costs $100,000 but would likely save at least 100 lives while it was in use, and we decide NOT to buy it, then we're saying those particular lives aren't worth $1000 each. Ouch! Sorry, ambulance dudes!
Utahraptor: But maybe we don't have the money to buy an ambulance anyway!
T-Rex: Sure! It's not a perfect measurement.
T-Rex: All I'm saying is we ESTIMATE it all the time. Heck, you do it whenever you're paid hourly and you speed into work! Divide the extra money you get by being there sooner by the increased chance of death the added speed brings you, and you've just VALUED YOUR OWN LIFE.
Utahraptor: ...I - I guess so!
T-Rex: On the flip side, whenever housecleaners clean a bathroom, they're PAID to kill the bacteria there! So those tiny lives are worth negative dollars. And there's SO MANY bacteria, Utahraptor!
T-Rex (punchline): There are like a decazillion of them I am ALMOST certain!


T-Rex: What've we got for punctuation? Basically it's :'?.,;"! and a bunch of brackets, right?
God: HOW ARE YOU DOING THAT
T-Rex: We can do better!
T-Rex: And YES, novel punctuation has been proposed before, and usually they're combinations of existing marks: question plus exclamation gives you the interrobang! Snooze! Comma plus exclamation gives you the exclamation comma. Oh, sorry, I just FELL ASLEEP because of how boring these punctuation marks are.
T-Rex: I just RHETORICALLY FELL ASLEEP.
Utahraptor: You propose something different?
T-Rex: Absolutely!
T-Rex: OFF THE TOP OF MY HEAD: punctuation that says "I'm saying this literally but I'd love for you to read into it". So I could say "Hey, we should hang out more" or "The eagle cries at midnight" and folks would pause and say "YES. YES WE SHOULD/IT DOES."
Utahraptor: You'll need a mark for this punctuation!
T-Rex: No problem! It's a tarantula staring intently at you, all 88_88
Off panel: Why - why a tarantula?
T-Rex (punchline): I'm sorry, are you saying when you're inventing punctuation you DON'T want to make it as badass as possible??


T-Rex: I'm totally going to fake my own death today.
T-Rex: Everyone, don't tell anyone!!
T-Rex: I've got it all set up. My diary today says "I think SOMEONE's gonna murder me today!" and I've made YouTube comments that say "pretty sure someone wants to murder me &gt;:|" and there won't be a body in my house, just a note that says "MAN I guess I got murdered, huh?".
Dromiceiomimus: Those sound like pretty suspicious circumstances, T-Rex!
T-Rex: The only thing suspicious is how APPARENTLY perfect my murder is!
Utahraptor: And that's still suspicious!
Utahraptor: Listen, you want to fake your death, you've got to do it right, with none of this way-too-obvious note stuff. Let's stop joking around here and get down to business.
T-Rex: I - okay?
Utahraptor: Good.
Utahraptor: We're doing this, man. We're making this happen.
T-Rex (punchline): [thinks] Man, what if I just paid my late fees instead


T-Rex: One day Batman was out solving crimes - WHICH HE WAS REALLY GOOD AT - when it occurred to him: is there anything he ISN'T good at?
T-Rex: Batman scowled expertly at the thought!
T-Rex: He called Alfred up on his built-in cowl Batphone, a device that worked anywhere which he single-handedly invented, engineered, and produced. Alfred challenged him to prove that he was great at paying his butlers a billion dollars, but Batman was an expert at not being manipulated, so he figured out what was going on well before the wire transfer was all the way done.
Utahraptor: Was Batman a prodigy at everything, even things he'd never trained for?
T-Rex: YES.
T-Rex: Bats picked up a hockey stick and found he was untouchable on ice. His first painting became an instant classic. Baffled, he tried writing My Little Pony fan fiction, and it won a Congressional Medal of Honour.
Utahraptor: They don't give awards for -
T-Rex: THEY CHANGED THE RULES JUST FOR HIS STORY.
T-Rex: However, Batman also had god-tier humility, and knew that if he dominated every field it would hurt a lot of people. So instead he confined his efforts to beating up plant ladies in alleyways.
T-Rex: *sigh*
T-Rex (punchline): HE WAS THE GREATEST MAN EVER BORN


T-Rex: Ah, the age-old question: what do women want?
God: OXYGEN
God: THE OBVIOUS EXCEPTION BEING WOMEN WHO DO NOT RESPIRATE OXYGEN
T-Rex: No, when I say "what do women want" I mean -
Utahraptor: An organized body!
Utahraptor: Also homeostasis, a higher anabolism rate than their catabolism rate, and the abilities to change over time in response to their environment and to respond to stimuli, usually through motion!
T-Rex: HELLO, THESE ARE THE CHARACTERISTICS OF ALL LIFE.
Utahraptor: Are women not alive?
Off panel: If you prick them, do they not adjust the regulation of their internal state? If you wrong them, shall they not consider revenge, if indeed they possess the ability to perform that act and can consider speculative futures?
T-Rex (punchline): Dude I just wanna smooch on a pretty face


T-Rex: It's not often you can see how language is evolving, but you can totally see it today with male and female nouns.
T-Rex: It's the coolest!
T-Rex: Some pairs (like "prince" and "princess") are completely accepted, while others (like "teacher" and "teacheress") seem insanely sexist and out of date. It depends on the word!
Dromiceiomimus: Female teachers used to be called "teacheresses"? That's so bizarre!
T-Rex: I know! But maybe one day people will think that about "princesses". Or MAYBE they'll wonder how we got by without the word "astronautrix"!
T-Rex: The coolest of all these words, though, are clearly those on the threshold of acceptability.
Utahraptor: Such as?
T-Rex: Oh, "actress" and "stewardess", I guess - words which some people will use without hesitation, but which others will call sexist. There's no consensus!
Utahraptor: Well, I can see the use of "actress", because usually the gender of the person affects what roles they can play.
T-Rex: Looks like you've come down on the side of "gendered professional nouns have their occasional uses"!
Off panel: Looks like!
T-Rex: T- That's cool, man.
T-Rex (punchline): Are we still friends?


T-Rex: Does anybody else want Mexican food for dinner? Like - always? Like 24 hours a day I would eat Mexican food if it were physically possible?
Narrator: DOES ANYBODY ELSE
Dromiceiomimus: Does anybody else find themselves getting sincerely angry at what fictional characters do? I think about it often. Maybe too often?
Dromiceiomimus: I don't know.
Dromiceiomimus: Why do they make so many mistakes?
Utahraptor: Does anybody else like sleeping when they're tired?
T-Rex: Me! I TOTALLY do!
T-Rex: Does anybody else find foods that are heavy in protein, salts, and fats to be delicious?
Utahraptor: I do! Does anybody else sometimes wish the things they regret had gone differently?
T-Rex: *gasp*
T-Rex: Sometimes I do wish that!!
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex (punchline): Does anyone else's web browser have this weird bug where the internet's really boring and then you get sad


T-Rex: Okay so if Wonder Woman is the Amazon chess piece (see my excellent discussions of chess pieces over the past few days for context) (this context is fully optional)...
T-Rex: ...and Batman exists in chess too, because I invented him...
T-Rex: ...then the obvious question is, what is the Superman piece and what can he do? You MIGHT think a Superman piece has all the powers of every other piece.
Dromiceiomimus: Isn't that basically the Amazon already?
T-Rex: HMM YES IT IS, INTERESTING
Utahraptor: But Superman also has heat vision, yeah?
T-Rex: Now you're catching on!
T-Rex: But since Superman doesn't kill, his heat vision only knocks out a piece for one turn every 5 turns, and that's assuming that the pawn carrying kryptonite isn't within a 3 square radius - which of course is only known to the opposing player.
Off panel: I feel, SOMEHOW, that the beautiful rules of chess have been compromised somewhat by your desire to fold this 1400 year old game into the extended DC Universe?
T-Rex (punchline): See, THAT'S the kind of attitude that results in you NEVER HEARING how Aquaman works


T-Rex: The whole reason anyone becomes a visual artist is because they want to draw something cool. THIS IS A FACT. Artists love drawing cool things!
T-Rex: It therefore follows that artists work their whole career towards drawing the COOLEST thing!
T-Rex: And what is this coolest thing? I'm glad you asked. It's a -
Dromiceiomimus: - It's a hotdog in shades hoversurfing on the rings of Saturn.
T-Rex: ...okay, that's WAY cooler than what I was going to say.
T-Rex: [small] ...which was a picture of me giving a thumbs up and one of my thumbs is labelled "THE ECONOMY".
Narrator: DROMICEIOMIMUS'S VISION OF ULTIMATE COOLNESS BEGINS TO SPREAD LIKE WILDFIRE
Narrator: THE IMPOSSIBILITY OF BRINGING A HOT DOG TO LIFE AND TEACHING IT HOW TO SURF - MUCH LESS WEAR SHADES - ONLY ADDS TO ITS ACHING BEAUTY, ITS STAGGERING VISION, ITS DIZZYING SENSE OF A PLATONIC IDEAL SOMEHOW GIVEN A PERFECT AND FINAL FORM
Narrator: THERE IS NOWHERE TO GO FROM HERE; ALL OTHER PURSUITS SEEM HOLLOW AND ASHEN AS ALL SENTIENT LIFE BECOMES OBSESSED WITH THIS ONE IMAGE
Narrator: THE END
Narrator (punchline): NO REGRETS


T-Rex: Guys! Is it too late for a career change? What's the consensus of when it's too late for a career change?
God: IT'S NEVER TOO LATE FOR A CAREER CHANGE T-REX
T-Rex: Super!
T-Rex: Alright, from now on I am a FLAVOUR SCIENTIST, and before you say "That's not a real job, that's something gourmands with labcoats call themselves", I will tell you that we flavour scientists are responsible for all them natural and artificial flavours in the processed food you eat.
Dromiceiomimus: "All THOSE natural and artificial flavours", you mean.
T-Rex: Please, Dromiceiomimus. I'm a scientist.
Utahraptor: So flavour scientists invent tastes, then?
T-Rex: Precisely!
Utahraptor: Well I'm hoping you'll invent tastes yet untasted, T-Rex. Throw off the shackles of "outrageous orange" and "screamin' green"! Let's see what nostalgia tastes like, or summer! Give me my romance flavoured Fruit Roll-Ups!
T-Rex: I'm on it!!
Narrator: LATER.
T-Rex: Okay! Which do you want to try: "criminal obsession", or "nightmare terror"?
Off panel: Uh... nightmare terror, I guess?
T-Rex: Excellent! BUT I WARN YOU:
T-Rex (punchline): They're both basically scabs and grape juice


T-Rex: When I die I would like my ashes scattered at the north pole.
T-Rex: Oh snap! CAN'T NOT DO IT NOW, cats and kittens!
Dromiceiomimus: I thought we covered this before, T-Rex? Your will isn't necessarily legally binding.
T-Rex: Man, this isn't my will! These are my FINAL WISHES. Dudes GOT to act in accordance with my final wishes! They're the last things I ever did wish, and that makes them LEGALLY BINDING to the max. To the TOTALLY ULTIMATE EXTREME MAX, Dromiceiomimus, and I'm NOT a man to say "totally ultimate extreme max" lightly.
T-Rex: But on second thought, screw the north pole!
Utahraptor: That does seem more practical!
T-Rex: Indeed! Now I'd like for my ashes to be hurled backwards through TIME ITSELF, to be mixed into the primordial ooze from which we all came. YES. My final wish is for all life to have developed either in or about my earthly remains.
Utahraptor: Hah! Is that the first time that sentence has ever been said?
T-Rex: Utahraptor, please!
T-Rex (punchline): That sentence is BASICALLY my daily affirmation


T-Rex: Buying land means you own the ground! You own it so you can put a basement there. And clearly you ALSO own the space above the ground, since that's where you put your house!
T-Rex: By owning land, you own a tiny slice of delicious planetary pie!
T-Rex: But don't forget that the earth is a sphere! So just like pie, your slice of ownership is narrow at the tip (the earth's core) and gets wider as we approach the edge (the land you live on). But it doesn't stop there! You also own the space ABOVE the land, and that volume gets bigger and bigger as we get higher and higher, extending out into the sky!
Utahraptor: Land ownership doesn't work that way! There's separate mining and airspace rights.
T-Rex: For us, maybe!
T-Rex: But all it takes is one alien that doesn't put these limits on "up" for this to get CRAZY. The universe is ENORMOUS, and a distant someone's tiny slice of ownership could extend LIGHT YEARS wide, with all of Earth inside! And there's got to be conflicting land claims, Utahraptor. ALIENS WILL FIGHT OVER US.
T-Rex: And with rotating planets, the lands they fight over are constantly shifting, which mean NON-STOP WAR FOR EARTH from a near infinite array of alien foes!
Off panel: It could also just mean non-stop legal proceedings.
T-Rex (punchline): Once again, Utahraptor, MY version of reality is WAY more awesome


T-Rex: Let's say on a given matter there are a variety of opinions - correct and incorrect.
T-Rex: However, given the nature of correctness, there can only be a SINGLE correct opinion!
T-Rex: Therefore, since every opinion that is not the correct opinion must be incorrect, it follows that the overwhelming majority of opinions you encounter will be - MUST BE - incorrect! And given that conclusion, how can we trust anyone or anything - even ourselves! - when we know most of what we say and believe must MATHEMATICALLY be wrong??
Utahraptor: Except that opinions can be partially correct, exploding this entire theory!
T-Rex: What?
Utahraptor: If it's 10 degrees out and I think it's 11 and you think it's -10000, we're both wrong, but my opinion has more merit. Some opinions are more correct than others, which means they can't all be dismissed en masse. Sorry dude. I know you were looking for a shortcut to reasoning here.
T-Rex: INCORRECT, my friend!! I was ACTUALLY looking for a way to feel better about all the incorrect opinions I hold, such as for example that the Ghostbusters cartoon with the gorilla is the best one!
Off panel: Dear God.
T-Rex (punchline): I KNOW, I KNOW, I CAN'T HELP IT??


Narrator: A DISAPPOINTING DAY
T-Rex: Maybe I should get some laser eye surgery.
T-Rex: Maybe I should get some laser THIGH surgery!
T-Rex: ...
T-Rex: Maybe I should think before I open my mouth
Narrator: THE END
Utahraptor: Whoah, pretty harsh on yourself there!
T-Rex: Not really! Laser thigh surgery's a dumb idea.
T-Rex: I'm not even sure what the lasers would do!
Utahraptor: What w-
T-Rex: And before you say "What WOULDN'T they do?" to cheer me up, know this:
T-Rex: They would not enhance your thighs, unless you think your thighs would be enhanced by TINY HOLES carved by the focused and mighty gaze of HYPERION HIMSELF.
T-Rex: ...
T-Rex (punchline): ...Okay yeah that does sound awesome


T-Rex: Ah, the golden rule. Do unto others as you would have them do unto you!
T-Rex: Pretty crazy!
T-Rex: Following this rule, I could feed my vegetarian friends delicious steak sandwiches, because that's what I'd like! Mmm-mmm delicious!
Dromiceiomimus: Well, no, T-Rex, because you probably wouldn't want to be fed something YOU didn't like.
T-Rex: Aha, so much for the golden rule! There's a lot of other awesome variants anyway.
Utahraptor: Wait - are you really abandoning the ethic of reciprocity?
T-Rex: APPARENTLY, dude!
T-Rex: Now I'm all about "Do unto others AS they do unto you". Notice the lack of a "would have". Actually, NOW I'm all about "do unto others before they do unto you." No wait! "Do unto others at the same time as they are doing unto you". That one is about doing things together with friends, I think!
T-Rex (punchline): I notice you are leaving! Could my conversational stylings be partially to blame??


T-Rex: Okay! Let's see what's on the ol' to-do list today. Do laundry: check! Groceries: check! Confront reality of my own mortality... NO CHECK??
T-Rex: Oh dang, I knew I was forgetting something!
T-Rex: Okay, Dromiceiomimus! Let's ponder over the fact that one day we'll be gone, and the world will continue on without us just the same!
Dromiceiomimus: Love to, but I'm way ahead of you, buddy. Knocked that one out in the shower at 6am this morning.
T-Rex: Utahraptor, are you free to confront death?
Utahraptor: Sorry dude!
Utahraptor: I already felt all the feelings I'm GOING to feel over the fact that one day I'll die, and one day after that someone will think about me for the very last time. Did it over my eggs benny.
T-Rex: Is my window closed? Will I NEVER feel all-consuming regret for my mistakes made over my all too finite life?
Narrator: THE NEXT MORNING, 3AM:
T-Rex (punchline): Oh wait nevermind there it is


T-Rex: It's a new year! Time for us all to take stock of our lives or whatever.
T-Rex: And by that I mean, time to examine all our old mp3 files we have hanging around!
T-Rex: I downloaded these in the last CENTURY, Dromiceiomimus. There are cool teens ALIVE TODAY who are younger than some of these mp3 files.
Dromiceiomimus: Ooh, do they all have crappy tags too?
T-Rex: Some were ripped before tags were even a thing! They're all pirated, obviously, because THEY LITERALLY PREDATE THE IDEA OF LEGAL DIGITAL MUSIC. What the heck am I supposed to do with them?
Utahraptor: Delete them? So you don't go to jail for a billion years owing a billion dollars to billionaires?
T-Rex: I can't!
T-Rex: We're at the point now where they're HISTORICAL ARTIFACTS. Nobody wants a 96kbps mp3 of "Whoomp! (There It Is)". Mine may well be the only extant instance of this file, the last cultural memory we have of the murky beginnings of digital music!!
T-Rex: Utahraptor. This is my LEGACY.
Narrator: T-REX DONATES A HARD DRIVE FULL OF ONLY THE BIGGEST, SHINIEST 90S MEGAHITS TO THE SMITHSONIAN:
T-Rex: Thank me later, Smithsonian!
Off panel: Sir, you can't just leave your hard drive at the customer service desk.
T-Rex: I SAID
T-Rex (punchline): "THANK ME LATER, SMITHSONIAN"


T-Rex: If you can't handle me at my worst, you don't deserve me at my best!!
T-Rex: PLEASE RT
T-Rex: ALSO PLEASE DON'T TELL ME THE ABSURDITY OF SHOUTING "PLEASE RT" IN REAL LIFE
T-Rex: Marilyn Monroe said it, Dromiceiomimus.
Dromiceiomimus: No she didn't. She never, ever, ever said it, not even once.
T-Rex: Please. I'm PRETTY SURE she probably said it at least once. Probably just when you weren't looking.
Utahraptor: Why do you insist she said it?
T-Rex: Because it fits my image of who she was so well!
Utahraptor: Well, don't know what to tell you, except "for a woman whose life was marked by others trying to control her image, you'd think you'd be a little more sensitive to misattributing quotes to her".
T-Rex: [thinks] Oh my god, I'm at my worst and he's not handling me well
T-Rex (punchline): [thinks] Oh my god, later on when I'm at my best I'm super not calling him


T-Rex: The greatest proof that time travel isn't possible is that we're not being visited by tourists from the future. I call this Sexy T-Rex's Argument Against Time Travel!
God: STEPHEN HAWKING SAID THAT ALREADY
T-Rex: ...fine! FINE.
T-Rex: Stephen Hawking is a smart guy; it makes sense he'd get there first. However, did he ever say maybe time tourists are ALREADY walking among us, but they've disguised themselves so well that we've never noticed?
Dromiceiomimus: No, but Carl Sagan did.
T-Rex: ...
T-Rex: ...He WOULD.
Utahraptor: Turns out greater minds than yours have thought about time travel already, huh?
T-Rex: Sure, but that's fine!
T-Rex: I'm PERFECTLY CONTENT if nobody ever talks about T-Rex's Argument Against Time Travel. It's the idea that's important, not who gets credit for it!
Utahraptor: Really? That's very mature of you.
T-Rex: Thank you! I am an extremely mature gentleman, and I'm flattered you noticed.
Narrator: LATER: T-REX VANDALIZES A BATHROOM WALL WITH THE WORDS "STEPHEN HAWKING AND CARL SAGAN, YOU BOTH HAVE UNWITTINGLY DONE ME A SMALL UNKINDNESS"
T-Rex (punchline): It's as forceful as I could get; I love those guys!!


Sign: ASK PROFESSOR SCIENCE
T-Rex: Our first question comes from Mel, who, like all of us, is a talking collection of meat and guts! Hi, Mel!
T-Rex: "Quick, Professor!!" Mel begins. So far so good!
T-Rex: "If you really need to pee, but there's no washroom so you pee into your mouth instead, how much time does that buy you??" Mel asks, before adding a patently transparent "asking for a friend".
Dromiceiomimus: ...Wow. WOW.
T-Rex: I know, right? THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING.
T-Rex: We can use some internal organs as emergency backups for other internal organs!
Utahraptor: You're joking, right?
T-Rex: It's brilliant, Utahraptor. Mouths as buffers for our backup bladders, or "stomachs", pressed into service during crises! Bodies are amazing. They're amazing!
Utahraptor: Yeah, to get away with it, all you need to be able to do is flawlessly urinate into your own mouth. Good luck with that!
Narrator: SEVERAL HOURS LATER:
T-Rex: Dear audio diary!
T-Rex (punchline): It has been a frustrating, moist day


T-Rex: Hello Morris! How are you today?
Morris: [flying] oh hello there t-rex! it's super nice to see a friendly face today
T-Rex: It's nice to see you too, Morris!
Morris: [on T-Rex's nose] aw shucks t-rex, you're a real good friend, you know that? a real good friend. anyway, you should be extra careful not to eat me today or anything because i guess i got turned into a zombie last night! today has definitely had its share of challenges for me, huh
T-Rex: What?! Seriously?
Morris: yeah! and i dunno what i did wrong because i went to bed like normal last night but when i woke up in the morning i had zombie disease! so it was real embarrassing
Morris: but don't worry, i'm not going to turn you guys into zombies too! i wouldn't be a very good friend if i did that, and the book i got at the centre says that being a good friend is awful important!
Morris: i always try to be a good friend, even though things pretty often don't work out very well for me in the end
Utahraptor: Aw, Morris! You don't look very undead to me!
Morris: aw, that probably just means i've messed up somewhere, again. the problem is that i'm not real good at biting people, you know? and biting people is all zombies do! i didn't know, but being a zombie is an awful hassle
Utahraptor: I'm pretty sure you're not actually undead, Morris! Normally zombies can't talk.
T-Rex: Yeah, or work on their Life Challenges! I think you're FINE.
Morris: you mean i'm doing that wrong too? oh goodness, i must be the worst zombie going. plus that book i got out from the centre is way overdue!
T-Rex: It's not too late to return it, Morris!
Morris: but i promised the staff there that i'd be extra certain to return it on time!
Morris (punchline): i guess i'm probably off your christmas card list this year, huh t-rex


Narrator: HOW TO WRITE A SCENE OF QUIET CONTEMPLATION
T-Rex: Writers! Do your characters have a rich inner life that demands they introspect themselves with their full, undivided attention?
T-Rex: Hah hah hah!
T-Rex: LOSERS
T-Rex: Seriously though, I'm sure your characters probably have other qualities that make 'em cool. Maybe when they're not quietly teasing apart their innermost motivations over a nice cup of tea, they're punching their way to success, right?
T-Rex: It's never too late to have your characters punch a dude, writers.
T-Rex: NEVER FORGET THAT.
Utahraptor: So help me write a scene of quiet introspection, T-Rex!
T-Rex: NO PROBLEM.
T-Rex: Just write: "You know how sometimes you can't fall asleep because you keep going over the events of the day in your head? Isn't that the coolest?? Well, check THIS out: the imaginary person you're reading about is doing that now! I KNOW: SO AWESOME."
Utahraptor: Perfect!!
Narrator: IN CONCLUSION, IF YOUR BOOKS SUCK NOW DON'T BLAME ME
Narrator: MAN
Narrator (punchline): I TRIED TO FIX 'EM FOR YOU


T-Rex: A negative income tax, or "NIT", is when the government pays you money when your income is low! Pretty sweet!
Narrator: NEGATIVE INCOME TAX COMICS
Narrator: it will be interesting I PROMISE
T-Rex: But there is a catch. You still pay taxes - say, a flat tax of 10% - BUT, the government also pays you enough to survive! This way there's a guaranteed minimum income - like welfare, but simpler. So if you make only $1000 in a year you'll pay $100 in taxes, but since the government pays everyone, say, $10000, you'll end up $9900 ahead in tax money. As you make more money, you net less from the government, until you end up actually paying taxes!
Utahraptor: So this acts to replace welfare?
T-Rex: Yep! And a bunch of related programs.
T-Rex: It simplifies things, plus it includes a flat tax, which a lot of amateur economists AS WELL AS even some real economists like!
Utahraptor: I can see fraud being a problem, though, especially since if the fraud's successful, the government loses real money.
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: Utahraptor! I just found out that Milton Friedman, proposer of the NIT, died yesterday at age 94!
Off panel: One wonders if our conversation today would be an appropriate epitaph.
T-Rex (punchline): Dude! I believe this not to be the case!!


T-Rex: There are tons of amazing out-of-copyright characters! Sherlock Holmes! Dracula! James Bond (in Canada anyway)! Jojo Bigbottom, a guy I just made up who I now release into the public domain!
T-Rex: AND NOW THEY'RE ALL TEAMING UP.
T-Rex: That's right! All your favourite characters along with Jojo Bigbottom, who is ABSOLUTELY MANDATORY, are going on an adventure to SAVE THE WORLD!
Dromiceiomimus: Oh, like the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen? Where out-of-copyright characters team up to do exactly that?
T-Rex: It's been DONE??
Utahraptor: Yeah man, it's been done.
T-Rex: Well CRAP.
T-Rex: How long until THAT story is out of copyright?
Utahraptor: You're looking at at least another 70 years, and that's only if the author dies TODAY. Copyright countdown only begins AFTER the death of the author.
T-Rex: Wait. WAIT!
T-Rex: Are there stories of authors getting murdered to hasten their work into the public domain by envious, but also sexy, other authors?
Off panel: T-Rex... you just gave yourself means and motive for MURDER. All you need now is opportunity!!
T-Rex: *sigh*
T-Rex (punchline): As usual


T-Rex: I think we can all agree that as popular culture shifts with time, there were some years that were great, and there were some years that were way terrible.
T-Rex: For example!
T-Rex: Everyone knows that the 1920s were awesome ultimate fun times (on account of flappers and swing music!), and everyone knows that the 1970s were a decade of bad decision after bad decision: a cacophony of just - really bad decisions.
Dromiceiomimus: I think that some folks like the 70s.
T-Rex: Hilarious!
T-Rex: However, I have studied the past 2000 years and come up with the DEFINITIVE cultural low.
Utahraptor: Really? 2000 years?
T-Rex: Yes, Utahraptor: I have gone over 2000 years and found the global minimum: the exact day when North American, and indeed, world culture reached its, um, opposite of zenith.
Utahraptor: Nadir.
T-Rex: Yes. And it's the day AFTER the film "Forrest Gump" was released: July 7th, 1994.
Utahraptor: But... why?
Narrator: THURSDAY, JULY 7TH, 1994: 8:04 AM. T-REX IS RUNNING TO CATCH A BUS.
Off panel: Run Forrest, run!!
T-Rex: FRIG!!
T-Rex (punchline): That's really obnoxious!


T-Rex: I've come across a way of making any otherwise-simple sentence sinister and creepy! The secret is simple:
T-Rex: The secret is whispering!
T-Rex: It works as follows: assume it's your birthday today, Dromiceiomimus. If I were to say, "Happy birthday, Dromiceiomimus!" that would sound normal, yes?
Dromiceiomimus: Yes!
T-Rex: But check out what happens if I whisper!
T-Rex: [tiny] happy birthday dromiceiomimus
Dromiceiomimus: Oh my goodness!
Utahraptor: Ooh, do it on me! Pretend I got a new shirt or something!
T-Rex: Okay, I'll try!
T-Rex: [tiny] that shirt looks good on you, utahraptor
T-Rex: [tiny] it looks good on your body
Utahraptor: Oh wow!
T-Rex (punchline): See? Creeeeepy!


T-Rex: In the past I have called my fists "Knuckles and Chuckles", and then later upgraded to the truly compelling "Rocco and Choco, the Twins! Who! Punch!" but now I have an even better nickname!
T-Rex: The CHINESE BUFFET!
T-Rex: That way I can menace someone with my fists and say "Do you WANT to visit the Chinese Buffet? It's all you can eat TONIGHT, baby!"
Dromiceiomimus: All you can eat?
T-Rex: All you can eat KNUCKLE SANDWICHES! The Chinese Buffet serves Chinese food AND knuckle sandwiches to those who are cruisin' for a steaming plate of them. I cannot stress this enough: it's all you can eat.
T-Rex: I can ALSO say "Looks like it's LADIES' NIGHT at the Buffet tonight!" Hee hee!
Utahraptor: For when you... beat up women?
T-Rex: No, for after I beat up a dude and want to imply that he's actually a woman, in case he's the sort of guy who gets mad at that! Although I COULD also use it if I fought women - like, a cabal of sexy, yet EVIL, librarians!
Utahraptor: You will be prepared if that happens! The only problem is: you're not Chinese?
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: God! Can you make me Chinese so that my fist nickname makes sense?
God: ONLY IF YOU PROMISE TO PUNCH A GUY INTO THE OCEAN AND SAY AT THE BUFFET WATER IS ON THE HOUSE
T-Rex (punchline): Oh that is so a deal.


T-Rex: Homophones are words that SOUND the same but mean different things, like "news" and "gnus". Way to go only part way, HOMOPHONES.
T-Rex: Don't bother showing up to my dinner party, HOMOPHONES.
T-Rex: MORE impressive, and still invited for Yukon Potato Gnocchi, are words that are SPELT the same, but have two different meanings: words like "attribute" (to credit something to someone) and "attribute" (a property of something)! One's a noun and one's a verb and it's seriously so awesome. I cannot imagine how to perfect these words, as they are already perfect! Oh ho ho!
Utahraptor: But are there really a lot of these words?
T-Rex: Utahraptor! Let's be serious.
T-Rex: Are you not familiar with accent? Or with addict, combine, conduct, conflict, content, and object? PERHAPS YOU'D ALSO LIKE TO SAY HELLO TO PERFECT, PRESENT, PROGRESS, REFUND, SUSPECT, AND UPSET?
Utahraptor: Okay.
T-Rex: Okay. Well. They're at my dinner party tonight.
Narrator: LATER THAT EVENING.
T-Rex: Man! I've got to start inviting REAL people to my parties.
God (punchline): WAIT WHAT


Devil: GREETINGS T-REX HAVE YOU EVER WANTED TO PRODUCE YOUR OWN VIDEO GAME
T-Rex: YEP! Then I found out it's really hard to make an imaginary horse jump inside a computer!!
T-Rex: Thanks, John Computers! Way to invent machines that don't even do what I want them to!!
T-Rex: There's all these programming languages but there's not one - NOT ONE - that lets you type in "U r a horse and u can shoot bullets from the eyes. NOT A DREAM. There r bad guys 2 shoot and u can get powerups that make you shoot cannonballs from the hoofs" and then a game comes out!
T-Rex: It's like - did we get bored half-way through inventing programming languages?? Why isn't this DONE yet??
Utahraptor: Well, come on, you'd need more description than that!
T-Rex: NOT A PROBLEM.
T-Rex: "Enemies are like what if you mashed Sonic and Mario together. But the bosses r giant and u shoot them even tho u r small (like in religion??)".
Utahraptor: I don't -
T-Rex: GAME PLEASE.
Devil: T-REX I WAS ASKING BECAUSE I NEED A PARTNER FOR MY COMPUTER GAME PROJECT
T-Rex: Well, what's it like?
Devil: I CALL IT "PRESS X TO EAT A BIG PIE"
T-Rex (punchline): ...I'm listening...


T-Rex: Angola Maldives was on another mission. A bad guy intends to blow up the sun!
T-Rex: However, his plan to do so was not credible, so Angola is on vacation!!
T-Rex: While on vacation, Angola meets the sexy, monokini-clad Hong Kong China, who DESPITE HER NAME, is not a character created by a super racist! It's just what her parents named her while they too looked at a map. (It was a map of China, and surrounding environs.)
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, have you considered taking a creative writing course?
T-Rex: I've considered teaching one, if that's what you mean!
Utahraptor: So does the sun blow up?
T-Rex: Come on! Of course not.
T-Rex: The technology to do that doesn't exist. It's a ridiculous plan, it shouldn't've been taken seriously, and the fact the mission even got as far as dispatching Angola is an embarrassment. Angola says as much on the first page, while speaking directly to the reader!
Utahraptor: Fascinating.
T-Rex: I know!
T-Rex: Later, HKC and Angola make out: she's kinky and Angola doesn't know how to deal with that, so he slut-shames her. She leaves and instead has lots of fun sex with a bunch of author stand-in characters!
T-Rex: *sigh*
T-Rex (punchline): Listen, never write when you're horny


Narrator: T-REX AND DROMICEIOMIMUS PARTIED EXTREMELY HARD LAST NIGHT.
T-Rex: It was the best party ever in time!!
T-Rex: ...Well, in my experience, anyway!
T-Rex: Do you think it's possible that throughout ALL TIME there's been or will be a better party, Dromiceiomimus?
Dromiceiomimus: Well, it WAS a good party, but are we including all space as well as all time? We'd have to have partied harder than anyone, EVER, WHENEVER, throughout the entire universe at any point in any timeline. That's a tall order!
Dromiceiomimus and T-Rex: To be fair, though, it WAS a good party.
Utahraptor: So if you did have the best party in time, then all other parties are worse from here on out! THANKS, T-REX.
T-Rex: Dude!
T-Rex: Don't blame me for having the best party, THANK me that you didn't experience it, because now you won't be disappointed with all future parties! This heavy burden must be borne by me and Dromiceiomimus alone.
T-Rex: Okay.
T-Rex: This may be a bad time to say this but it was a super great party, Utahraptor.
T-Rex: Utahraptor!
T-Rex (punchline): Why are you leaving in mid conversation; many cultures consider that RUDE?


T-Rex: Last night I dreamt I had been invited to a fancy party, far away, and the host was nice enough to buy me a plane ticket to get there.
T-Rex: Finally, things were looking up for dream T-Rex!
T-Rex: This was at noon, dream time, and the plane was to leave at six. I made myself a sandwich, but it must've taken a while, because when I looked at the clock, it was 6:30 already! I'd missed my flight AND party entirely, and my friends all chastised me for being so dumb. "Why didn't you leave at least two hours for check in with an international flight?" they said!
Utahraptor: So you dreamed about being cussed out?
T-Rex: Yeah, it was great!
T-Rex: I remember saying "OBVIOUSLY it was a dumb mistake, guys. It'll never happen again; now I know to always leave plenty of time to get to the airport!"
Utahraptor: And when you woke up you remembered that moral!
T-Rex: Exactly!
T-Rex: I'm now learning life lessons WHILE I SLEEP, Utahraptor. I'm pretty sure I've moved on to the next stage of existence. I'm pretty sure when I wake up tomorrow, I'll be a being of PURE ENERGY.
T-Rex (punchline): I'm pretty sure I'll come back and visit though, so no worries!


T-Rex: I have accomplished much today and it's not even noon yet! I feel as if I could take on anything and anyone and succeed!
T-Rex: And ladies, I am all about putting theories into practice!
T-Rex: Dromiceiomimus! Give me a challenge!
Dromiceiomimus: Sing the alphabet!
T-Rex: Something DIFFICULT.
Dromiceiomimus: Jump to the moon!
T-Rex: Something difficult yet possible, Dromiceiomimus! My stars! This is like a 1920s comedy routine without the punchline.
T-Rex: Man, anyway! I'll come up with my own incredible challenge.
Utahraptor: I've got one for you!
Utahraptor: How about you go TWO DAYS without stomping on anyone or anything? This is my challenge to you.
T-Rex: Aw - but, man! I was looking for a challenge I WANTED to do. Anyway, yeah, I can do it. Easy. Easy peasy Japanesey.
T-Rex: !
T-Rex (punchline): Is that racist??


Narrator: COMICS WITH SUDDEN CHANGES IN GENRE
T-Rex: Today is a good day I think for lavishing praise on people!
T-Rex: Is this perhaps the ultimate secret to popularity?
Narrator: SHORTLY:
T-Rex: Hello, little Dromiceiomimus! You are certainly a nice colour this morning!
Dromiceiomimus: Oh! Well, thank you!
T-Rex: Think nothing of it, my good lady!
T-Rex: You will stomp nicely, young woman! Good show!
Utahraptor: Hey, I heard you were giving out compliments?
T-Rex: I am! And you, Utahraptor, are quite affable at times!
Utahraptor: "Quite affable at times"? That's it?
Utahraptor: That's my compliment?
Utahraptor: That's pretty weak!
Narrator: [blue comic book font, angled] SUDDENLY!
T-Rex: There's no time for that now!
T-Rex (punchline): We've got a President to save!


T-Rex: I think I'm in the market... for a motivational poster??
T-Rex: I think that's just where life has brought me, somehow??
T-Rex: I don't know PRECISELY what I'm looking for - but I'm betting it's some combination of images and words that when I read it will make me want to be a better person and do better things? I feel like if such a poster exists, it's kinda unethical NOT to own it, yeah? Like if there's a button you can press that makes you want to be a better guy, I should PROBABLY press that button.
Utahraptor: I think you may be overestimating the powers of a poster, T-Rex.
T-Rex: I hope not!
T-Rex: Because if words and images CAN'T change our minds, then why are we wasting ANY time with art? So I would ask to please be pointed in the direction of a poster that will make me a better person simply by reading it on a semi-regular basis, please.
T-Rex: I am willing to spend upwards of $15.
Narrator: LATER, T-REX BUYS A POSTER THAT READS "IN THIS HOUSE WE... REMIND GUESTS THAT THE TOILET USUALLY NEEDS TWO FLUSHES TO GET IT ALL DOWN, SORRY":
T-Rex: Listen!
T-Rex (punchline): Life is full of choices


T-Rex: The words for "mother" and "father" are really similar, if not identical, across tons of languages! And the reason isn't because the languages are closely related. It's due to a way more awesome reason!
T-Rex: It's because parents totally assume their babies are talking about them!
T-Rex: It's so amazing: "ma", "pa" are some of the first and easiest language-like sounds babbling babies make - and what's the word for "mother" in English? "Mama"! And it's also "mama" in Dutch, and in Romanian, and in Catalan, Slovak, Quechua, Chinese, German, Russian, and MORE. The languages have evolved such that the first language noise a baby makes sounds like it's saying "Hey mom, what's up?"
Utahraptor: And dads made the same deal too! "Papa" is in English, Cree, and Hindi!
T-Rex: Neat!
Utahraptor: It's kinda awesome that these words are built to flatter new parents.
T-Rex: Man, it's great! Across language, time, and entire civilizations, we're united by pointing at our babbling babies and saying, "Yes. This child is DEFINITELY talking about me."
T-Rex (punchline): Hooray for egoism!


T-Rex: When a chef gets his recipes stolen by the mob, he revenges himself on them... through karate. This summer, you can't make an omelet...
T-Rex: ...without breaking a few LEGS.
Dromiceiomimus: Here at ClothesCorp, we know you love covering up your naked body. But then we thought, wouldn't it be nice if the cut and shaped fabrics covering up your bod felt slightly nicer? So we've made our full line of clothing so much more comfortable, we had to name it... More Comfortable!
Dromiceiomimus: This summer... slip into something More Comfortable.
T-Rex: We've made robot clones you can hug!
Utahraptor: Get A Hold Of Yourself, Man!
T-Rex: "I Can't Believe It's Not Butter" brought margarine-based incredulity home. Now try our new spreadable fat, "Such A Good Idea"! It's great on toast, potatoes, or straight out of the plastic tub. When your spouse reaches for the competition, be sure to stay their hand and say "Honey, I don't think that's Such A Good Idea".
Off panel: Star cop Jack Ready is undercover as "Slice Norway", a slicer from Norway. But when his cover's blown, he has to take on the mob alone. This summer...
T-Rex: ...He Was Born "Ready"!!
T-Rex and off panel (punchline): Hah hah hah


T-Rex: Anyway! Relationships are for the young and the criminally insane. What's of real importance is that I saw a car dealership ad yesterday advertising that "no reasonable offer will be refused"!
T-Rex: Well, yeah!
T-Rex: Oooh, ads like that burn my biscuits. Of course they're not going to refuse a reasonable offer! That's what makes it so reasonable! And worse, since "reasonable" can be a very subjective word, it's not really saying anything beyond "Hey, I won't refuse an offer for reasons that I personally find irrational."
Utahraptor: It sounds like you've put a lot of thought into this, T-Rex!
T-Rex: It's thought fueled by rage!!
T-Rex: It just bothers me that they're trying to make it sound like a big thing when it's just business as usual! That's deceptive.
Utahraptor: That's advertising!
T-Rex: So annoying! Plus, I saw this other ad on the same day that said "everyone approved O.A.C."
T-Rex: O.A.C. stands for "on approved credit"! Everyone's approved if they're approved?! Aaargh!
T-Rex (punchline): I could make some joke about tautological advertisements, but I find them too annoying to laugh at right now.


Narrator: T-REX IN "THE SEARCH FOR GOD"
T-Rex: Today is a good day I think to find God!
T-Rex: Are you in this house, God? I am looking for you! Come out come out whereever you are!
T-Rex: Ready or not, here I come!
Utahraptor: When people say they are looking for God, they do not mean it literally!
T-Rex: How do you mean?
Utahraptor: What that means is that they are on a spiritual search, trying to find God-the-idea, not God-the-person-hiding-behind-the-couch.
T-Rex: Oh, I see what you're saying. I guess that makes sense.
Narrator: BACK AT HOME...
T-Rex: I can't believe you were hiding behind the couch the entire time!
God (punchline): I WAS GOING TO SURPRISE YOU


T-Rex: My new book is called "BILLY THE TEEN! BILLY WAS THE TEEN... WHO LOVED BEING A TEEN!"
T-Rex: (It's aimed towards teens!)
T-Rex: So, after clearly being established as a teen, Billy goes off and meets some other teens! They become friends and they hang around outside fast-food restaurants, and sometimes, they go in and get some fast food FROM the restaurant. Later, Billy announces that he just plain loves being a teen! All his friends nod their heads in ready agreement.
Utahraptor: And then what happens?
T-Rex: A few pages in, Billy realizes his 20th birthday is coming up!
T-Rex: He'll no longer be a teen. It's a disaster! He's TERRIFIED. He's waking up in cold sweats. Billy's certain that when he becomes 20 he'll lose something vital of himself.
Utahraptor: And then?
T-Rex: And then... he dies of a heart attack!
T-Rex (punchline): But like, 50 years later, you know? Long after he's come to terms with everything. The vast bulk of the book details Billy's entire adult life, and the last page says "The actual title this book is 'Mr. Bill Peterson, Who Came To Terms with His Life Over 60 Years'".


T-Rex: Oh man! I've just had an elephant of a good idea!
T-Rex: TOUCH-o-vision!
T-Rex: Smell-o-vision has been tried, and vision and hearing are taken care of, but two senses remain yet untapped! Taste-o-vision sounds disgusting, but - there's so much potential for touch-o-vision!
Dromiceiomimus: Like what?
T-Rex: Like it's a boxing movie, and whenever the underdog hero gets punched, you get punched! You'd start to think, "MAN, I hope that guy wins. Then, I'll get punched less."
Utahraptor: This - you know this is a terrible idea, right?
T-Rex: I admit only that there are issues!
Utahraptor: Issues! You're building a robotic punching machine that can punch an entire room of people all at once. What if the elderly were in the audience? What if it was calibrated wrong and punched through a guy?
T-Rex: Ooh, what if? What if? Here's a what if for you: WHAT IF I MAKE A MILLION DOLLARS??
Narrator: TESTING THE PUNCHING MACHINE:
T-Rex: OW! What the hell, Punchbot?!
Off panel (punchline): ERROR 14: I LIKE PUNCHING


Narrator: HELPFUL TIPS FOR ESSAY WRITING
T-Rex: Students! Are you having trouble writing essays? Maybe they're a little short?
T-Rex: Maybe just a little?
T-Rex: Well then, here are some friggin' tips!!
T-Rex: Okay, so everyone knows about making margins wide and using a big font, but teachers know that one too. They see it and they think "Come on, you can do better," and then they uncap their red pens and write "You could use some friggin' tips!" all over your cover page.
Dromiceiomimus: Has that ever happened to you?
T-Rex: Nope! But that's because *I* happen to use a little friggin' thing called "tips"!
Utahraptor: So let's hear these tips then!
T-Rex: Prepare yourself to be friggin' tipped, my friend!
Off panel: CUT!
Off panel: I'm sorry, but we don't think you're right for the role. We're really looking for an actor who doesn't add "friggin'" to each of his lines.
T-Rex: Well then!
T-Rex (punchline): It looks like YOU'VE got the wrong friggin' guy!!


Narrator: SCIENCE VS RELIGION round one
T-Rex: So the Utahraptor's playing Science to my Religion, eh?
T-Rex: This means war!
T-Rex: Science will wither in the face of my sense of community and sharing!
T-Rex: How can Science hope to compete with my gifts of enlightenment and hope? I bring nothing less than inner peace!
Utahraptor: But your "gift" of inner peace comes at the cost of closing your eyes to the world around you!
T-Rex: What?!
Utahraptor: You achieve peace only through a sort of "giving up" of your own free will, by either deciding that the world is as God intended, or, alternatively, that He will be the one to fix it, using you as his "tools"! Isn't this just mere escapism, a hiding from the burden of personal responsibility?
T-Rex: Oh my God!
T-Rex (punchline): Science has all the answers AGAIN!


T-Rex: Everyone! What are your five interests? Mine are fancy chocolates, smooth jazz, fly fishing, food that looks like other food, and beluga caviar!
T-Rex: NAILED IT
Devil: MINE ARE VIDEO GAMES AND ROLE PLAYING GAMES AND STRATEGY GAMES AND BOARD GAMES AND GAMES OF SKILL
T-Rex: Dude. You could've just said "games".
Devil: AND YOU COULD'VE JUST SAID "FOOD AND THINGS THAT MAKE ME SLEEPY"
T-Rex: ...
T-Rex: Good point
Utahraptor: Mine are where the world is going, where we've been, bettering the world, increasing knowledge, and pals!
T-Rex: Nice!
T-Rex: Okay, I'm changing mine. Mine are now pals, being smart, being awesome, being so great other people say I'm great in their diaries, and...
Utahraptor: Humility?
T-Rex: Respecting humility in others, yes.
God: MINE ARE BEING OMNIPOTENT AND CREATING UNIVERSES AND BEING OMNICOOL AND DESTROYING UNIVERSES AND
God: UM
T-Rex: Proving your existence in a verifiable, repeatable way?
God: HAH HAH HAH
T-Rex: ...Yeah.
T-Rex (punchline): Good one, me


T-Rex: Birds, or "Bionic I.R.D."s, are the result of our grandparents and their cursd meddling in the natural law!
Narrator: LET'S TALK ABOUT BIRDS
Narrator: without using facts
T-Rex: They first appeared in late 1700s, though of course those early examples were very crude compared to the later instances that, famously, appeared one day all on their own and have never left us alone since. Why, these days you can barely tell that a given B.I.R.D. is an unholy merging of our feeble science and the blackest magicks without dissecting one, and even then it's tricky!
Utahraptor: QUESTION: are birds safe to eat?
T-Rex: In the short term? Yep!
T-Rex: In the long term, once inside your body they move to your lungs and lay eggs. When you cough delicious eggs come up, which you can then swallow as a convenient source of free raw eggs, continuing the cycle. Swallows are a class of bird named for this very behaviour!
Utahraptor: Fascinating!
T-Rex: In conclusion, I got that "colonize your lungs so you cough up and then swallow their babies which lets them grow inside your stomach" from real-life parasitic worms; the world is horrifying.
Off panel (punchline): AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH


T-Rex: Someone at my house finished off a bag of milk, and then put it back in the fridge without replacing it with a new bag!
T-Rex: That's so annoying!
T-Rex: Also, it's very confusing since I live alone!
T-Rex: What do you think, Dromiceiomimus? Am I going crazy? Am I finishing off the milk and then COMPLETELY FORGETTING ABOUT IT?
Dromiceiomimus: It seems unlikely!
T-Rex: What else could it be? Is someone breaking into my house just to drink my milk? I don't really mind, I guess - I'd just like to know.
Utahraptor: How come these things always happen to you?
T-Rex: It's not my fault!
Utahraptor: Well, I'm just pointing out that across all these wacky situations, you're the one element of continuity.
T-Rex: Why would I screw myself over by not putting a new bag of milk back? That's crazy!
God: I USUALLY DON'T PUT A NEW BAG BACK EITHER
T-Rex: Was it you?!
God: NO JUST-
God (punchline): VOLUNTEERING INFORMATION


T-Rex: I've decided to write a story about my own team of superheroes. That's right! They're called...
T-Rex: The Incr-- The Fant- The Sweet Dudes!
T-Rex: So far I've got four people on the team. The first is Justin Time, who has time-based powers! The second is Justin Case, who can control probability. The third is Chix Diggit, who is an attractive dude if I do say so myself, and the last member is Tim Foresnax, who can eat a lot if he wants to! They fight crime and prejudice and have romantic (mis)adventures.
Utahraptor: This seems a little derivative, T-Rex!
T-Rex: Nope! It is 100% my creation!
Utahraptor: Come on! "Justin Case"? "Justin Time"? Those are old names that weren't that funny to begin with.
T-Rex: Well, Justin Time goes by his middle name, Tehnikov, because having two Justins on the team would be confusing. Get it?
T-Rex: Their names sound like common phrases that people might say sometimes! "Just in the nick of time"? Hee hee!
T-Rex (punchline): It's pretty implausible that someone named "Justin Time" would end up having temporal powers though.


T-Rex: A bunch of us want to find meaning and purpose in our lives and the Universe. Unfortunately, the Universe itself is indifferent, uncaring and meaningless!
Narrator: ABSURDISM COMICS
Narrator: woooo
T-Rex: So! Since the Universe is TOTALLY MEANINGLESS, looking for any sort of meaning in life is absurd, and we're all sorta stuck. But lucky for us, the absurdist philosophers came up with three ways to resolve this! The - the first resolution is suicide.
T-Rex: I've said it before, but I'll say it again: the absurdists were not the cheeriest potatoes in the bag.
Utahraptor: But if we don't want to kill ourselves, we can find religion, right?
T-Rex: Right!
T-Rex: Religion can give hope of a kind and caring world beyond our absurd one. But since they see reason as the greatest tool we've got and religion relies on faith, it's rejected by the absurdists as a (just as deadly!) PHILOSOPHICAL suicide.
Utahraptor: So what's left?
T-Rex: What's left? Only to accept the absurd and try to find any meaning we can in our own personal journey from life to death!
T-Rex (punchline): Anyway, this is how come I'm so into vegetables that look like celebs


T-Rex: Ghosts have got to be the saddest thing ever! They're dead people PLUS they're blind.
T-Rex: That's right, I said it! Ghosts are blind!
T-Rex: They HAVE to be, because they're invisible! And light needs to hit something to be seen, and if ghosts have transparent eyes they're not going to see anything. PLUS you can walk right through a ghost, so sound waves will pass through them too. They're deaf and blind most of the time, and when they do become a little visible, the world that fades into focus around them is filled with people screaming at them in terror. It's so sad!
Utahraptor: You're picking apart the science of ghost senses, but accept the fact of their invisibility?
T-Rex: Yep!
T-Rex: Ghosts have to be invisible, at least part of the time - that's what makes them ghosts! But if you accept that, it's fun to try to see how ghostlike you can make them without making any FURTHER assumptions.
Utahraptor: But our friend Zach is a ghost, and he's not blind OR deaf!
T-Rex: [thinks] Aw, heck.
T-Rex (punchline): [thinks] I hate being reminded about Zach


T-Rex: Sherlock Holmes (world's greatest detective) and Watson (world's greatest detective sidekick) were walking down the street, looking for crime. And they found it!
T-Rex: Boy howdy, did they find it this time!
T-Rex: It was an armed robbery! And while Sherlock and his best friend could easily DETECT who the culprit was - it was the guy with the gun demanding everyone's rubies - that wasn't much use in PREVENTING the crime. Sherlock's skills were in detection, not in physically restraining criminals! And THAT'S how the criminal escaped with everyone's precious jewels.
Utahraptor: Oh no! Did this cause a crisis of faith for Sherlock?
T-Rex: Nah.
T-Rex: He let the criminal go, but now they were on HIS turf. Sherlock detected him ruthlessly, detecting not just where he had gone, but where he was trying to unload the rubies, the motivations he had for doing the crime, and even detected an upcoming double cross twist that the criminal himself hadn't noticed!
T-Rex: In the end, Sherlock detected the rubies back to their rightful owners, and thus, while personally poor, he remained a strong force for the property rights of megarich jewel owners.
Off panel: This seems fraught.
T-Rex (punchline): Sherlock detected that too, yeah


T-Rex: Stories GUARANTEED To Make You Say, "Ahhhh, So Sexy"! - by me, T-Rex!
T-Rex: One time a hot person had a sexual encounter of the type you enjoy, and it was sexy! It was super rad and sexy!
T-Rex: That's it, the end! Story's over!
Dromiceiomimus: I like details in my erotic fiction, T-Rex. How hot is this person? What makes them hot? What are they doing with their lives? What are their interests? How did they feel before, during, and after?
T-Rex: GOD. Fine, here's your answer: very, their secondary sexual characteristics, making a sex time, getting down to the business of sex, good then better then good again.
Utahraptor: But like, what are they like when they're NOT having sex?
T-Rex: GOD. FINE.
T-Rex: Okay, she's a woman. She is hot because of her, I dunno, hair. She's a mammal now too. She wants to be a movie star, but right now she lives on a stupid farm.
Utahraptor: Good, good! Now flesh out the world and add some supporting characters. Show us WHY she wants to have the sexy times!
Narrator: LATER, T-REX COMPLETES HIS STORY AND IT TURNS OUT TO BE A PERFECT, WORD-FOR-WORD DUPLICATE OF "OF MICE AND MEN":
T-Rex: Aha!
T-Rex (punchline): So THAT'S how Steinbeck did it!!


T-Rex: Hello world! I have the following announcements to make!
T-Rex: The first announcement is that I am awesome!
T-Rex: The second announcement is that everyone within the sound of my voice is awesome!
Dromiceiomimus: Thanks, T-Rex!
T-Rex: The THIRD announcement is that I need to borrow fifty dollars.
Utahraptor: Fifty dollars?!
T-Rex: YES, good sir! Who will lend me the money? Someone AWESOME, perhaps?
Utahraptor: No, I won't lend you fifty dollars. You already owe me like eighty!
T-Rex: But wouldn't you RATHER I owe you one hundred and thirty dollars?
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: God, give me fifty dollars!
God (punchline): DUDE THAT'S LIKE THE EXACT OPPOSITE OF HOW RELIGION WORKS


Narrator: LOGICAL FALLACY COMICS today's fallacy: PLURIUM INTERROGATIONUM
Narrator: "the loaded question"
T-Rex: A "loaded question" is when you ask a question that presupposes something unproven!
T-Rex: For instance, Dromiceiomimus, I could ask, "Hey, Dromiceiomimus! Are you still punching children?"
Dromiceiomimus: What? No!!
T-Rex: Aha - so when did you stop? See what I did there? The question presupposes that you've been punching on children in the past, and goes on to suggest that maybe you're still doing so. It is LOADED like rich Uncle Pennybags. From Monopoly?
Utahraptor: Your question is really two questions combined into one!
T-Rex: Yep!
T-Rex: It breaks down to "Have you ever punched children, and, if so, are you still doing so?" But since these are merged, and since this merged form still demands a yes or no answer, "no" becomes misleading. The solution is not to answer "yes" or "no", but to reject the question!
Utahraptor: Really!
Off panel: T-Rex, are YOU still punchin' children? Are you still punching them just to steal their ice cream cones?
T-Rex: I reject your question, Utahraptor! It's loaded!
Off panel: Why are you SO AFRAID of the truth coming out, T-Rex?
T-Rex (punchline): Okay you must never enter politics ever.


Narrator: WHAT IF... DINOSAURS HAD NEVER GONE EXTINCT?
T-Rex: I feel about the same.
Off panel: Me too!
Narrator: "WHAT IF..." COMICS
Narrator: WHAT IF... T-REX WERE VERY VERY TINY?
T-Rex: Luckily, everything else in the Universe has shrunk to the same scale!
Dromiceiomimus: Yes, from any given perspective there is no change!
T-Rex: CRAZY
Narrator: WHAT IF... "AMERICA" HAD BEEN NAMED "SEXOPOLIS" INSTEAD?
Utahraptor: Who's your favourite Sexopolian citizen?
T-Rex: UM, THEM ALL
Narrator: WHAT IF... T-REX HAD SUCCEEDED IN BUILDING HIS TIME MACHINE?
T-Rex: Well, I guess I'll talk to you yesterday! See you... SOONER?
Utahraptor: You keep going back one day to tell me that stupid pun, but I'm never going to laugh!
Narrator: WHAT IF... THE FANTASTIC FOUR HAD LOST THE TRIAL OF GALACTUS?
T-Rex (punchline): My comic has a slightly different ending...?!


T-Rex: I don't want to be a police officer, and the reason is simple!
T-Rex: I would end up hating everyone!
T-Rex: Not only would I meet rapists and murderers KINDA OFTEN, I GUESS, but I'd also regularly see domestic violence, petty crime, people being mean to each other, chicks and dudes who punch each other in the head, chicks and dudes who punch each other in the head with knives this time, and so on. Not cool! After seeing that day in and day out, I would start to suspect that everyone sucks and has a case of the ILLEGAL CRAZIES. I'd lose my optimism and faith in the world!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, this is basically the spotlight fallacy!
T-Rex: You think so?
Utahraptor: Yeah! By being a cop, you'd automatically see people who require the services of cops way more often than those who don't. You're biasing your data set the same way that folks who see well publicized reports about "Pedophiles! On the INTERNET!!" do when they conclude that everyone online is big into kids.
T-Rex: Well, to be fair, Benny's a pedophile, and he's on the internet. ISN'T THAT RIGHT, BENNY??
Off panel: I'M NOT A PEDOPHILE!! I am a LEDOPHILE, that is to say, an enthusiast of the tiny Indian village of Ledo!
T-Rex (punchline): Benny, look, you gotta find a better name for that.


Devil: MMM T-REX I'VE NOT YET EXPERIENCED A NON-VIRTUAL ROAD TRIP AND WAS WONDERING IF CAN YOU TELL ME WHAT THEY ARE LIKE
T-Rex: In one sentence starting with "Dude"?
Devil: FINE
T-Rex: Dude, road trips rule!
T-Rex: What's special about them is that it's a time when you and your friends can sit together in single place for literally hours and chat, but protracted silences don't need to be filled. You can just look out the windows or nap! If you were all in a blank room somewhere, it would be weird to just sit there and stare at the walls, but the ever-changing scenery in a car provides a distraction that is both welcomed and also easy to interrupt. There's nothing like it!
Utahraptor: An idea: we should all go on a road trip!
T-Rex: Yes!! I agree!
T-Rex: I vote we trip to: Brazil!
Utahraptor: That's pretty far. How about someplace closer?
T-Rex: THE ISLAND CONTINENT OF AUSTRALIA??
Utahraptor: We'd need a car that works on water for that.
T-Rex: Okay! But Utahraptor, what's that across the street? A car that works on water??
Off panel: [small] aw come on you guys it's mine
T-Rex (punchline): Jacques Esqueleto!! I thought I made you up!


Narrator: THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN ETHICS AND MORALS
Narrator: hey adults! put me in your wallet!
T-Rex: Ethics and morals are not the same thing!
T-Rex: I know! It's CRAZY. But ethics are something that you learn and study and are applied in society, while morals are more natural and instinctive. That's why you can have a low moral fibre (they're more innate), but there's no ethical fibre. You can only have poor ethical training!
Dromiceiomimus: Amazing!
T-Rex: I know!
Utahraptor: So wait - can an act then be considered immoral, but still ethical?
T-Rex: Possibly?
T-Rex: Honestly, this is pretty much all I know about the difference between ethics and morals, and I'm not even sure that's right.
Utahraptor: We could find out more at our local library!
T-Rex: To the library! It's this way. I'm pointing to it with my fingers.
Narrator: MUCH LATER:
T-Rex (punchline): maybe it's this way instead


T-Rex: Today is the day, my friends! Yes! FINALLY. Today is the day!
T-Rex: Today is the day we mess with people who have tattoos!
T-Rex: Dromiceiomimus, did you hear that if you have a bird tattoo, it means that you're big into hugs? Giving, receiving, watching, it's all good to you!
Dromiceiomimus: Really! Why the bird?
T-Rex: It stands for "I will flip the bird RIGHT NOW to anyone who doesn't like hugs; I'm not even joking."
Dromiceiomimus: Interesting! And also true!
Utahraptor: I heard that tattoos with the letter "h" in them...
T-Rex: ...Yes?
Utahraptor: Well, I heard that an "h" in any tattoo is short for "Hey, Ask Me About My Sexual History", and a second "h" on the body is short for "Hey, Some Of It Is Personal Though, Okay?"
T-Rex: And a third "h"?
Utahraptor: "Hooray for the Huxtables."
Narrator: NOTE FOR FUTURE PEOPLE WHO COME ACROSS THIS COMIC:
T-Rex: The Huxtables were a family on a TV show. TV is what we had before we got video in our brains! And everyone who read this comic when it first came out was really great, even if we're all dead now.
T-Rex (punchline): ...What's the future like?


T-Rex: Today is Valentine's day!
T-Rex: Hah hah! Sucks to THAT!
T-Rex: I believe it to be a MANUFACTORED HOLIDAY. Last year it brought me nothing but trouble, so this year I am going out of my way to make sure that everyone knows they don't have to celebrate their love if they don't want to!
Utahraptor: Isn't that kind of a jerky thing to do?
T-Rex: Perhaps!
Utahraptor: More than perhaps! Lots of people just use Valentine's day as an excuse for spending time with their sweeties, commercialism or not. Nothing ruins a romantic evening like a T-Rex barging in and calling it a corporate-sponsored fraud!
Narrator: IT'S TRUE:
Off panel: You jerk!
T-Rex (punchline): You'll thank me when you share my politics!


T-Rex: Ah yes. Time to go home, relax, unwind, and decompress by pondering many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore!
T-Rex: And I will begin this process at midnight sharp, AS IS MY WONT.
T-Rex: It's how I like to spend ALL my bleak Decembers. And YES, the silken sad uncertain rustling of my purple curtains DOES have the chance of thrilling me while, at the same time, also filling me with fantastic terrors never seen before - but it's a risk I'M willing to take. Just as long as nobody knocks on my door!!
Utahraptor: Plagiarizing Edgar Allan Poe's The Raven, I see!
T-Rex: Aha! I'm NOT!
T-Rex: I'm ADAPTING it for a new format (first person foreshadowy narrative) and, since it's out of copyright, that means NOBODY CAN STOP ME! It's in the PUBLIC DOMAIN!
Utahraptor: Even if your version is objectively worse?
T-Rex: ESPECIALLY if my version is OBJECTIVELY WORSE!!
T-Rex: Which it IS
T-Rex: Because writing is HARD
T-Rex (punchline): And I need to work on my SELF-ESTEEM


T-Rex: Today is the day nothing can possibly go wrong! For today is the day I am wearing...
T-Rex: ...MY NEW HAT.
Narrator: SHORTLY:
T-Rex: It has been brought to my attention that I somehow forgot to wear my hat, new or otherwise. Today is an unmitigated catastrophe from which there can be no recovery.
Dromiceiomimus: Your new hat was a curse; had it not existed you would never have known the fount of despair that comes from forgetting to wear it.
T-Rex: Hard agree.
Narrator: THE NEXT DAY:
T-Rex: Now, TODAY is the day I wear my new hat! I -
Utahraptor: Hatless again, my dude.
T-Rex: Utahraptor, if someone tells you making change is easy, you call them a liar. I've been trying to wear a new hat for two days and I still can't nail it. Who's the philosopher who said life is suffering?
Utahraptor: Um... all of them, at some point?
T-Rex: Well, they NAILED IT.
Narrator: TWO DAYS LATER:
T-Rex: I wore my new hat yesterday!! And I will say this:
T-Rex: *sigh*
T-Rex (punchline): It was JUST OKAY


T-Rex: You know how people who grew up in the 30s distrust banks (because banks kept failing in the 30s) and are therefore disproportionally likely to keep their money hidden in a sock drawer?
T-Rex: IF NOT, YOU DO NOW!!
T-Rex: I think I've got that with COMPUTER HARDWARE STANDARDS. When I was a kid we went through monitor ports like they were going out of style! SVideo! EGA! VGA! Heck, let's do component for a bit! No, DVI! No, Micro DVI! No, HDMI! And that's just VIDEO. You wanna discuss serial and parallel ports? BECAUSE I CAN DISCUSS SERIAL AND PARALLEL PORTS.
Utahraptor: But now video's a bit better, and just about everything else is locked to USB!
T-Rex: Is it, though? IS IT?
T-Rex: I know the SECOND I install one of those wall sockets with built-in USB power ports into my house, it's all going to change. I have 1930s disease, but for hardware standards!
Utahraptor: The new USB Type C standard replaces BOTH ends of the plug with a new design incompatible with the original 1996 spec.
T-Rex: ...So what you're saying is, I spent 20 years being wrong NOT to trust USB, but now I get to spend the rest of my life being RIGHT?
Off panel: No, that's not what -
T-Rex (punchline): BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT I'M HEARING, BABY!!


Narrator: MORE REGRET
T-Rex: I regret spilling a glass of ginger ale on an architect!
Dromiceiomimus: I regret the first time I met someone with a thick accent: she was older than I, and we had a little trouble communicating initially, because of the accent. But as I repeated myself to her I found myself unintentionally speaking both slowly AND loudly. I only did it for a little while, and as soon as I realized it I stopped, but I still felt ashamed. I was talking to her like she was dumb, just because of the accent! I was the stereotypical ignorant racist.
T-Rex: Aw MAN! Dromiceiomimus wins the regret competition AGAIN!!
Utahraptor: We're out of our league!
T-Rex: We need to do some Olympic-class screw ups and feel REALLY bad about them if we're ever going to win.
Utahraptor: I know, I know! But it seems she's got a regret for every occasion. How can we compete with that?
Narrator: LATER, PROFANELY SPYING ON DROMICEIOMIMUS:
T-Rex: She's just sadly staying at home, Utahraptor! Man! She's probably regretting things RIGHT NOW!
T-Rex (punchline): Fuck me!


Narrator: DINOSAUR COMICS PRESENTS:
Narrator: "A LOG ON THE HEAD"
T-Rex: I have a friend who was hit with a 40 pound log on the head. She might have a concussion?
T-Rex: What's the deal with THAT?
T-Rex: What's the deal, logs?
Narrator: THE END
Narrator: "A TIME FOR CONCERN"
Utahraptor: Hey, is your friend alright?
T-Rex: Yeah, she's fine!
T-Rex: She might have a concussion, but yeah. Still. I blame logs.
Utahraptor: What happened?
T-Rex: She was at a log stacking show and this one chick totally sucked at stacking logs, basically?
Narrator: AT THE LOG STACKING SHOW:
T-Rex: Man! My grandmother could stack logs better than you!
Off panel: You're not allowed to heckle!
T-Rex (punchline): What are you gonna do? Accidentally bean a friend of mine with a log and then feel powerfully guilty about it??


T-Rex: Hey, remember when I argued QUITE PERSUASIVELY that Aladdin was history's greatest monster for never ever wishing for an end to suffering?
T-Rex: Turns out he's got competition!
T-Rex: FROM SNOW WHITE'S WICKED QUEEN.
T-Rex: The story glosses over it kinda quickly, like they KNOW it's nuts, but this lady - this QUEEN - has a magic mirror which, due to its magical ways, will HONESTLY ANSWER ANY QUESTION YOU PUT TO IT AS LONG AS IT RHYMES. And what does she use it for?
Dromiceiomimus: Prettiness tests!
T-Rex: Exactly!
T-Rex: She doesn't say "Mirror mirror on the wall, how can life's curse of aging be stalled?"
Utahraptor: Nope!
Utahraptor: Nor does she say "Mirror mirror on the wall, how can clean energy be provided for all?" or even "Mirror mirror mounted here, how can chicks and dudes have satisfying careers?"
T-Rex: NOR does she ask "Mirror mirror mounted centrally, please provide a closed-system technique of reversing entropy". What a jerk!!
Narrator: MEANWHILE, IN FAIRYTALE LAND:
T-Rex: Mirror mirror on the wall, who's the fairest of them all?
Off panel: Fair like pretty or fair like equality? The word has overloaded semantic duality.
T-Rex (punchline): True enough!


T-Rex: So we live on a planet that is mostly water.
T-Rex: And the oceans that most of this water is stored in are mostly unexplored!
T-Rex: And that means that YES, while we have exhaustively searched for monsters and wonderful beasts on land and found none of them that we had not already caused to go extinct, THERE IS STILL HOPE IN THE SEAS. There is a non-zero chance that sea monsters are REAL, Dromiceiomimus!
Utahraptor: I mean, if they're giant, you'd think we'd have spotted them by now.
T-Rex: Not if they live at the very bottom!
Utahraptor: True... but then they'd be adapted for high-pressure life and couldn't be brought to the surface without dying and gooping all over the place. So either way, we're safe.
T-Rex: I'm not into them because they're a threat! I'm into them because UNDERWATER DRAGONS MIGHT LIVE ON EARTH.
T-Rex: And also I could befriend one and give it a pressure suit so it could live on the surface and I could ride him around having adventures!
Off panel: T-Rex -
T-Rex (punchline): NON-ZERO CHANCE, UTAHRAPTOR, YOU WILL NOT TAKE THIS AWAY FROM ME


T-Rex: I'm not a dude who usually has dreams, but last night I dreamed I had a whole other house, had forgotten about paying the mortgage, and was now horribly in debt?
T-Rex: Thanks, subconscious!
T-Rex: Not only did I get to have FABRICATED MONEY WOES, but I also got to wake up with the same dream-feeling of "aw snap, I'm in trouble now" in real life too. Woo!
Dromiceiomimus: And this coloured your emotions in the morning, and whatever you thought of seemed to be a little worse because of it? I've had that too!
T-Rex: Exactly. Sucks to that!
Utahraptor: Maybe it's the whole butterfly dreaming he's a dinosaur thing, T-Rex!
T-Rex: Perhaps literally!!
T-Rex: Maybe I really have made tons of mistakes in my real life (as a butterfly) and then I go to sleep and dream I'm this awesome dinosaur with friends! Then I wake up and I'm still this indebted SUCKY BUTTERFLY with bad fiscal management skills.
Utahraptor: Aww! You're cuter as a butterfly.
T-Rex: Man, I'm a butterfly saddled with crippling debt! There's nothing cute about that.
Off panel: There is if you imagine the debt in tiny butterfly dollars, each colourfully illustrated with even tinier butterflies and flowers.
T-Rex (punchline): Granted!!


T-Rex: I think it's time for me to get out and meet some fine new ladies!
T-Rex: Fine new SEXY ladies!
T-Rex: Any fine new sexy ladies, please identify yourselves to me!
T-Rex: I will be pleased to seduce you after introductions have been made!
T-Rex: I am the strapping young T-Rex stomping on things!
Utahraptor: You can't honestly expect to get results by walking around shouting for "fine new sexy ladies"!
T-Rex: Says you! If a woman was walking around shouting for fine new sexy dudes, she'd be chased by men from all over!
Utahraptor: Hmm... that's true.
Utahraptor: Alright, continue shouting! I wouldn't want to support a sexual DOUBLE STANDARD.
Narrator: HOURS LATER...
T-Rex: I don't get it! Why isn't this working?!
T-Rex (punchline): [thinks] Is it me?


T-Rex: Man, it sure has been a long December! Maybe this year will be better than the last.
T-Rex: The days sure do go by so fast!
T-Rex: Hey Dromiceiomimus, do you think that I could be forgiven? I wish you would!
Dromiceiomimus: Aw no, not this again. Come on T-Rex, passing off lyrics as conversation ONLY AMUSES YOURSELF.
T-Rex: I-is that light attaching to you?
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: Anyway, I guess it's just one more day up in the canyons for me!
Utahraptor: Boo on you, T-Rex!
T-Rex: What? Dude, it's been so long since I've seen the ocean.
Utahraptor: Man, nobody wants to hear "A Long December" by Counting Crows passed off as conversation. Yes, that's right! I've heard the song before! I recognize your CONVERSATIONAL PLAGIARISM.
T-Rex: It's a song?!
T-Rex (punchline): Holy shit, what are the odds?


T-Rex: Here is a hypothetical situation: let's say I'm married and going to have a child (with my assuredly hott wife)! What should it be named?
T-Rex: MY position is that babies should be named after old girlfriends!
T-Rex: Not only does it allow excellent names to be redistributed to new children, but as we have more kids we'll catch up, and eventually one will be named after my wife! It evens out! Everybody wins!
Dromiceiomimus: Except for the kids who are born male.
T-Rex: They can be named after my wife's ex-boyfriends. As you can see, I've thought of every possibilility!
Utahraptor: Are you really into all your ex-girlfriends that much?
T-Rex: They all had quite excellent names!
Utahraptor: How excellent are we talking about? I bet they were named "Cheeseball" and "Chuggy G".
T-Rex: Those are terrible names! Those are names you give to cats that you don't like.
Narrator (punchline): "DEDICATED TO CHUGGY G"


Narrator: COMICS FOR DUDES AND LESBIANS!
Narrator: today's comic:
Narrator: HOW TO GET A WOMAN TO LIKE YOU
T-Rex: Okay dudes and lesbians! Getting a woman to like you is easy!
T-Rex: There are plenty of websites, magazine articles and body spray ads that will reassure you that women are just conquests without agency and that they won't have sex with you unless you suggest it to them first. My advice is DIFFERENT. My advice is rooted in reality and allows for women actually wanting the intercourse sometimes!
Utahraptor: Okay, so let's hear it!
T-Rex: The advice?
Utahraptor: Yeah. Let's hear this modern, sexually enlightened advice that applies to both lesbians AND dudes.
T-Rex: WELL, for that you'll have to buy my book, "Dudes! Lesbians! Guess What? Here is How to Get Women to Like You". But since we're friends, I'll give you a sneak peek!
T-Rex: "CHAPTER 3: At The Bar. There are sometimes lots of women at the bar. If you want to talk to one, then maybe she will want to talk to you! Then you can become her favourite dude or lesbian."
Off panel: That's not very helpf-
T-Rex (punchline): "Intercourse ensues!"


T-Rex: FACT: people change! I mean, OBVIOUSLY. If we didn't we'd all be these weird 30-year-old babies, pooping wherever we like instead of worrying about business stuff and whether or not strangers like us!
T-Rex: Listen, there are PROBABLY downsides to this, okay??
T-Rex: But if people change, then it makes sense that friendships would too. Why should they feel bad if Alice and Bob stop being friends? Isn't it enough that 2005 variants of Alice and Bob up to the April 4th at 3:35 pm variants of Alice and Bob had a good thing going?
T-Rex: Let's all just agree that friendships ending is natural and normal, cool?
Utahraptor: But it's sad when friendships fade away!
T-Rex: Sure! Absolutely! No doubt!
T-Rex: But if they didn't, LONG-TERM pals wouldn't be special. There'd be nothing unique about friends who stick around forever, not because they have to, not because they work together, not because they wanna bone, but because they both just REALLY LIKE HANGING OUT.
Utahraptor: Aw. That's nice.
T-Rex: It's the purest expression of love, brotimes!! Oh... except for people who fall so deeply that they get married and love that person for the whole rest of their lives.
T-Rex (punchline): Uh, I GUESS that'd be good too??


Narrator: AS HIGH AS A KITE:
T-Rex: In history times, kites were the highest things around. This was before clouds existed, because there weren't enough of us around then for our exhaled breath to form them!
Narrator: PLAUSIBLE ORIGINS OF COMMON PHRASES FOR THE VERY CREDULOUS
Narrator: DON'T LOOK A GIFT HORSE IN THE MOUTH:
T-Rex: Originally this expression was "don't look any horse in the mouth", as the inside of the average horse's mouth is a maddening, insanity-inducing nightmare of impossible angles and non-Euclidean geometry. With the invention of equine orthodontics, the expression was modified to "GIFT horse", gift being an acronym for "Granting Insanity From Teeth".
Dromiceiomimus: Of course!!
Narrator: IT TAKES TWO TO TANGO:
T-Rex: Originally, tangos involved groups of three people!
Utahraptor: Or more!
T-Rex: This was before mass media, so when the dance was altered, catchy idiom was used to popularize the change!
Utahraptor: The effectiveness of this expression led to other language based news delivery, including 1492's "it's a small world" and 1676's discovery that "practice makes perfect".
Narrator: THIS CONCLUDES PLAUSIBLE ORIGINS OF COMMON PHRASES FOR THE VERY CREDULOUS
T-Rex: These phrase origins: they're so plausible!!
T-Rex (punchline): LISTEN, FRIENDS: nobody look them up to check them and we will get along JUST FINE


T-Rex: Many folks like a thing, but don't know nearly enough true facts about that thing. I am of course speaking about food! And that's going to change right now, with...
Narrator: TRUE FACTS ABOUT: FOOD
T-Rex: FACT ONE: Every conflict over thousands of years can be blamed on food. FACT TWO: Some food hungers... for REVENGE. FACT THREE: Sure, food has invented computers and gone to the moon... but how come it hasn't invented a way to solve the minor annoyances that bother you, of which there are probably several??
Utahraptor: Are we food in this scenario?
T-Rex: We are absolutely food here, yep.
T-Rex: You know, since bacteria eat us when we die, we're ALL technically food, hence: these true facts.
Utahraptor: Got it. Fact four: some food gets sad sometimes?
T-Rex: FACT FOUR: Some food gets sad sometimes!!
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: Oh dang, was he reaching out for love and support??
T-Rex: Oh dang
T-Rex (punchline): Did I whiff on a friendship support opportunity AGAIN


T-Rex: What did the depressed snowman say to his dog?
T-Rex: "Snowbody loves me!"
Dromiceiomimus: But why did he say it to his dog? Was it because all of his friends were flakes?
T-Rex: No. That's good, though.
T-Rex: He said it to his dog because snowbody loved him. He had snow friends!
Utahraptor: Aw man, this is all the same joke!
T-Rex: Snow it's not!
Utahraptor: Snyes, it is. It's the same snow joke over and over, and anyone could do it, and it's not funny!
T-Rex: It is so funny! Listen. I told these jokes to a snowman and he laughed.
Narrator: EARLIER:
Off panel (punchline): that's racist


T-Rex: Okay MAYBE there were some downsides to the Columbian explosion. The old world got tomatoes and potatoes, AND corn and peanuts, AND rubber, AND cocoa, and in exchange, gave the new world... lettuce?
T-Rex: And also horses!
T-Rex: And also the cholera and influenza and bubonic plague and typhoid fever, and um, smallpox. So basically the world got this explosion of new and tasty times, but also this exchange of disease, and just about every culture on Earth was affected. But what's neat is that we can look forward to the same thing if we ever encounter alien life!
Utahraptor: Except it's unlikely that we'd be vulnerable to their diseases.
T-Rex: Well... MAYBE.
T-Rex: But we don't know anything about alien life! Maybe they'll look just like us AND share diseases with us, but with pointier ears. And logic?
Utahraptor: Or maybe they'll look like us, but, you know, ten times sexier. Everyone on Earth will feel bad about their bodies for the rest of time!
Narrator: MEANWHILE IN THE UNIVERSE WHERE THIS HAS HAPPENED:
T-Rex: maybe...
T-Rex (punchline): maybe i should get me some clothes


T-Rex: I am going to tell you a story, and it stars an old man whose name I don't know. He went into a diner, ordered some fries with gravy from the only person working there, paid for them, and sat down! Soon she brought the fries and gravy to his table!
T-Rex: This story gets better soon, I promise!
T-Rex: So the fries are there, drenched in gravy, and this guy has to be at least 85 years old. He looks around his table and it hasn't been set properly, so there's no utensils, no napkins. He starts eating with his hands and despite his best efforts, the gravy's getting everywhere. His hands are soaked in it. It's running down his wrists, and that's got to feel gross.
Utahraptor: Then what happens?
T-Rex: Well, he finishes his meal!
T-Rex: And he walks up to the cashier and shows her his hands, saying things like "look at me" and "this was a horrible thing to do". She says "Oh my God, if I'd known I'd have brought you a fork" and he says "it's too late now" and leaves the restaurant.
Utahraptor: And then?
T-Rex: That's the end of the story, Utahraptor!
T-Rex: I call this story, "Good Lord, I Hope I Never Get Old".
T-Rex (punchline): :(


Narrator: COMPRESSED BIBLE COMICS
Narrator: today's genre: TEEN MAGAZINE CONFESSIONAL
T-Rex: Dear Seventeen,
T-Rex: I was in the Garden of Eden, and I don't know what I was thinking, but.. I ate the forbidden fruit!
T-Rex: It was SO embarrassing! My fave crush was there and he saw everything! Just when I thought things couldn't get worse, God showed up, and he kicked us both out of the Garden... for good! I could have died!
T-Rex: Then, when we were outside, I suddenly knew shame for the first time... and my crush did too! I swear I never blushed so much in my entire life!
T-Rex: There is a silver lining though - we are now completely in love, despite what happened!
Utahraptor: Eve!
Utahraptor: You're not writing to another teen magazine, are you?
T-Rex: S-sorta?
Utahraptor: Eve! The whole world doesn't need to know that stuff!
Utahraptor: I'm totally breaking up with you, Eve! For real this time!
Narrator: THAT EVENING...
T-Rex (punchline): And he never called me again!


T-Rex: It's Earth Day!!
God: EARTH DAY WAS SEVERAL DAYS AGO
T-Rex: Oh okay, nevermind!
T-Rex: NEVERMIND
T-Rex: I was GONNA say "maybe recycle a little and stop peeing in the ocean" but since Earth Day is over, no worries! FALSE ALARM.
Dromiceiomimus: Peeing in the ocean isn't actually bad for the planet, dude. Fish do it all the time. Constantly, really. Did you know saltwater fish pee through their gills?
T-Rex: Um, ACTUALLY I was hoping to get through life NOT knowing that?? GOSH.
T-Rex: So it's actually... super cool to pee in the ocean?
Utahraptor: Whales do it, dude!
T-Rex: And whales ARE part of nature.
Utahraptor: Exactly. Plus, the urea in urine is high in nitrogen, which is a fertilizer for lots of oceanic plants! Science says that everyone should pee in the ocean whenever they want!!
Narrator: HAPPY EARTH DAY!! YOU SHOULD DEFINITELY PEE IN THE OCEAN
Narrator (punchline): BONUS SCIENCE FACT: YOU CAN ALSO PEE IN *SEVERAL* LAKES


Heading: SUBJECT: hee hee hee hee MOOD:  Groggy MUSIC: Cibo Matto - Birthday Cake
T-Rex: Sry people for not updateing lately!!!
T-Rex: I haven't updated in awhile, mainly because my puter has been annoyingly slow. I need to ask my 'rents to buy me a new one!
T-Rex: neway not much is new with me.... i really need to go out more... worried i might be in a rut...
Heading: 4 COMMENTS | [blue] POST A COMMENT
Utahraptor: *hugses*
T-Rex: *big big hugs* THANK YOU!!!!! :)
Utahraptor: Hey no problem. I actually meant it to be anonymous but I click too fast and didn't actually click the box I thought I did. Oh well.
T-Rex (punchline): I sometimes make that mistake too.


T-Rex: The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist! But eugh, that one's so mainstream now.
Narrator: THE LESS GREAT TRICKS THE DEVIL EVER PULLED
T-Rex: Convincing cats that buttholes were things to be proudly displayed at all times
Dromiceiomimus: Convincing his friend Gary to invest in his "sure thing" reverse funnel Guaranteed Income Opportunity system
T-Rex: Convincing himself that not brushing your teeth is evil, therefore he should be exempted from having to brush his teeth, DAD
Utahraptor: Convincing his Twitter followers that he's an expert on the melting point of steel beams
Utahraptor: Convincing himself that his Sonic fan character, Clem the Greninja, was a vital part of Sonic canon
T-Rex: Convincing himself that Clem would EVER feel that way about Krystal the Squirtle, and that their relationship was NOT wholly unmotivated and came COMPLETELY out of nowhere
T-Rex (punchline): Convincing the mods on SonicFanz to delete ALL my reviews of his original characters even though they contained VERY constructive criticisms that raised important points that anyone who thought even a little bit about Sonic canon for ONE SECOND would recognize


T-Rex: It turns out horses aren't the only inspiration English uses for its idioms. We also use... doors?
T-Rex: OPPORTUNITY knocks on doors, you guys!
T-Rex: And when Opportunity closes a door, it also opens another. Sometimes, SOMETIMES, it opens a window.
Dromiceiomimus: These could be classified equally well as "idioms involving abstract concepts somehow granted agency".
T-Rex: Ooh! Like when Fortune favours the bold! Or when an ounce of Prevention is better than a pound of Cure!
Utahraptor: ...Gross.
T-Rex: Yeah, that's - that turned out gross.
Utahraptor: Anyway! I think all we can conclude is that folks talk about the things around them, and horses were around us for a really long time. And THAT suggests that millions of years from now, there'll be lots of aphorisms about transporters, spacebots and cyberdroids!
T-Rex: AWESOME
T-Rex: I CAN'T WAIT
Narrator: MILLIONS OF YEARS LATER:
Off panel: Attention patrons:
Off panel (punchline): Our paleontology exhibit closes in five minutes


T-Rex: Raise your hand if you've ever wanted to live on another world!
T-Rex: This is me raising my hands! This is as high as they go!!
T-Rex: Well, SORRY EVERYONE. Lower them hands down, because it turns out that OUR generation is the one that designs the tech and builds the rockets.
Dromiceiomimus: And then our CHILDREN get to live on Mars?
T-Rex: Maybe!
Utahraptor: Nah, our children are the ones who maybe get to visit briefly.
T-Rex: But THEIR children live there?
Utahraptor: Again, no: their children get to either do terraforming to make Mars habitable, or they get to convince themselves that sending robots is just as good, and they're not missing out on anything by staying home.
T-Rex: Okay, but THEIR children get to live on Mars, yeah?
Off panel: Their children get to upload their brains into robot bodies and forever escape the trials of the flesh, yes.
T-Rex: FRIG, THAT SOUNDS GREAT
T-Rex (punchline): THIS IS ME DEFINITELY RAISING MY HANDS SLIGHTLY HIGHER THAN BEFORE


God: T-REX I HAVE SENT YOU BACK IN TIME NINE YEARS TO EXPLAIN THE FUTURE TO YOUR FRIENDS
T-Rex: Awesome!!
T-Rex: Everyone, come quick! I'm from the future!!
Dromiceiomimus: Incredible! What's the future like, T-Rex?
T-Rex: It's amazing! Some people have jobs where ALL THEY DO is design special interfaces for android users!!
Dromiceiomimus: Wow, like - cyborgs?
T-Rex: Well, no, it's like -
T-Rex: - it's like an operating system... for a phone?
Utahraptor: Surely we have space elevators!
T-Rex: Hah!
T-Rex: I'll tell you what we DO have: a website you can write "FAIL" on top of other people having a hard time!
Utahraptor: ...Oh.
T-Rex: No, you don't understand: it sounds awful when I put it that way, but it's actually really funny to laugh at strangers behind their backs!!
God: T-REX I HAVE RETURNED YOU TO THE PRESENT BECAUSE YOU MADE EVERYTHING SEEM TERRIBLE
T-Rex: It's not my fault! I didn't name a phone thing "Android"!!
T-Rex (punchline): Geez why not start a sandwich company called "Hovercars 4 Free" while you're at it, GOOGLE


Devil: GREETINGS TO YOU T-REX
T-Rex: The Devil!!
T-Rex: What's the matter: run out of video games?
Devil: NO, THE VIDEOED GAMES ARE QUITE PLENTIFUL INDEED
Devil: I HAVE BEEN PLAYING SEVERAL MMORPGS OF LATE
T-Rex: Huh?
Devil: THEY ARE GAMES PLAYED ONLINE WITH A LARGE NUMBER OF STRANGERS
Devil: THE EXPERIENCE IS UNPARALLELED
T-Rex: Man, I don't want to hear about it!
Utahraptor: Talking to the Devil again?
T-Rex: He's the one talking to ME! I didn't ask for this!
Utahraptor: Well, have you tried getting rid of him? Hey T-Rex, isn't it great how the Devil is PRETTY LAME?
Devil: I WOULD DISAGREE WITH THAT PARTICULAR ASSESSMENT
Devil: T-REX YOUR COMPANION IS CLEARLY UNFAMILIAR WITH MY PROWESS IN THE REALM OF MMORPGS
T-Rex: Must be nice!!
Devil (punchline): THE CHRONICLES OF MY DARK ELF CHARACTER ARE ASSUREDLY THE STUFF OF LEGEND


T-Rex: Man, I could make a better dating site.
T-Rex: Man! I COULD make a better dating site!!
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: BaguettesAll4Me.co.uk is complete! It's a site where you can register to eat a whole baguette. Then, you go out and eat one! "Who has eaten the most baguettes? Maybe it's you??"
Dromiceiomimus: I thought you were making a dating site!
T-Rex: I am! I realized my perfect woman won't say "ew, that's weird" as she watches me eat a whole baguette!
Utahraptor: So you're mining your members for sweet dates?
T-Rex: Please! It's not like I invented this little trick!
T-Rex: Jimbo Wales made Wikipedia because he wanted someone who was SO INTO CATS that they'd get alerts whenever someone changed any info about cats! Facebook Steve did Facebook to see what movies sexy folks like!
Utahraptor: Facebook was invented by Ma-
T-Rex: FACEBOOK STEVE. Please, if I hear any more information about Facebook I will die.
T-Rex (punchline): [very large] I WILL LITERALLY DIE


T-Rex: There are a lot of problems in the world! Someone ought to do something.
T-Rex: Wait a second!
T-Rex: I'M someone!!
T-Rex: Okay Dromiceiomimus, I'M going to do something about all the problems.
Dromiceiomimus: Great attitude, T-Rex! And I'm sure people already working on problems will appreciate the help. Which problem(s) are you going to focus on?
T-Rex: Uh... all of them?
Utahraptor: Might help to focus on one or two of them.
T-Rex: Of COURSE! Utahraptor - that's IT!
T-Rex: There's BILLIONS of people alive right now, and surely - SURELY - there's not actually BILLIONS of problems. If everyone take one problem each and solve it, then it won't be a lick of work! And then we could have this licked lickety-split!
Off panel: Great, I'll take solving the problem of world hunger!
T-Rex: And I'll take our sudden overuse of lick-based idioms! It doesn't make a lick of sense, but I'm sure I can lick it into shape!
T-Rex (punchline): OH NO, IT'S GETTING WORSE


Narrator: DOG FACTS
T-Rex: There are many facts about dogs! Here are but a few of them.
T-Rex: FACT: Dogs are alive. Some of them, anyway!!
[The panel image is blurred and color-shifted, to represent how a dog might see it.]
T-Rex: FACT: Dogs are good at smelling but not so good at seeing. They can't even see the colour red!
Dromiceiomimus: But red is like the #1 easiest colour to see!
T-Rex: I KNOW!! But dogs are all "geez my body isn't built to see this dang colour, geez, I bet I could smell it though".
Utahraptor: Could we engineer dogs that smell colours?
T-Rex: Maybe! It's like, what do we really know about dogs??
T-Rex: They'd need to smell light, which seems CRAZY. But not impossible? Senses are just different ways we experience data, and you could convert light to smells, right?
Utahraptor: But isn't colour a quale: a private, ineffable, subjective experience that can never truly be shared? Do dogs have qualia??
Narrator: DOGS
Narrator:  I DUNNO MAN
Narrator:  THEY RAISE SOME DEEP QUESTIONS
Narrator (punchline):  I DUNNO


T-Rex: Wow, it's great to be back in a timeframe that ISN'T messed up beyond recognition! Is this the last time I will ever have incident to say that sentence?
T-Rex: Here's hoping!
T-Rex: How are you feeling, Dromiceiomimus?
Dromiceiomimus: I'm feeling alright! I just don't understand how this all happened. How did you manage to screw up time itself? And since time and space are a continuum, wouldn't you have also screwed up space itself too?
T-Rex: I don't know! PROBABLY I'm just lucky.
Utahraptor: I do think she raises a good point, T-Rex!
T-Rex: About time travel and space?
Utahraptor: Yeah! In fact, this whole thing has raised a lot of questions. How did you even build a time machine in the first place?
T-Rex: Dude, I simply employed lots of ingenuity and cleverness! SO much.
Utahraptor: That's not an explanation! That's not even close to an explanation!
T-Rex: The REAL question is, why's everyone getting all up in my fries? Is there something particularly attractive about my fries today?
T-Rex (punchline): Discuss!


T-Rex: Raccoons wash their food before they eat it, using their baleful, probing, nimble hands. We used to think they did this because they enjoyed being super adorable!
T-Rex: Hah, whoops! MY MISTAKE!
T-Rex: I didn't mean to say "adorable"; I meant to say "insanely creepy, washing their food while maintaining unbroken eye contact with you, licking their lips slowly over and over again, thinking only one phrase: 'I EAT DEATH'".
T-Rex: Anyway.
T-Rex: Then we thought they did it because they didn't have enough saliva and therefore liked their food pre-moistened!
T-Rex: But now we think it's because they have sensitive hands!
Utahraptor: Sensitive hands?
T-Rex: Yeah. Raccoons have these sensitive hands, and they're checking out what they're about to eat, and water helps makes them more sensitive.
Utahraptor: Neat!
T-Rex: But the POINT is that if you give a raccoon a sugar cube, it'll wash it, and then the sugar will dissolve! HILARIOUS!
T-Rex: It is the only way I have left to revenge myself on them, and I don't think they're going to tolerate it for much longer. AND YET, I'M NOT STOPPING!
T-Rex (punchline): ...Tell them my story, Utahraptor


T-Rex: One day Jim Rifle wanted to shoot some game birds, so he invented the rifle, and decided to name his new rifle the "rifle"!
T-Rex: It was a busy day for Jim Rifle!
T-Rex: Unfortunately for him, whenever a bird got shot by his rifle, the ghost of that bird came back to haunt him. Soon he was bothered by hundreds of birdghosts who all wanted revenge, which was understandable, since he shot 'em.
Dromiceiomimus: Jim Rifle is having a complicated time!
T-Rex: He sure is!
T-Rex: So to fix his problem, he invented a new rifle that shot ghosts!
Utahraptor: That was easy!
T-Rex: Sure, but it turns out that getting ghost-shot just pushed the birds into level 2 ghosthood, upping their interest in revenge geometrically. Also, they developed arms and a crude form of speech.
Utahraptor: Horrifying.
T-Rex: That's why Jim shot the level 2 ghosts some more!
T-Rex: Turns out the level 3s were basically well-adjusted people, and level 4 bird ghosts were beings of enlightened truth whose merest glance drew tears of joy. THE END. The moral of the story is, I'm not really sure how guns work?
T-Rex (punchline): Or, like, stories?


T-Rex: Yes indeed! If I were the last man on Earth...
T-Rex: ...things would be different!
T-Rex: [starts daydreaming]
[T-Rex's daydream]
T-Rex: Hi, I'm the last man on Earth!
Dromiceiomimus: My, my! Hello!
T-Rex: Would you say you and your girlfriends find that... attractive?
T-Rex: [harshly returns to reality]
Utahraptor: Daydreaming again, I see!
T-Rex: Aww, why'd you do that? I was imagining I was the last man on Earth!
Utahraptor: And no doubt turning what's clearly a global disaster into a chance for sex with multiple partners!
T-Rex: Heh. Well, you know me!
T-Rex (punchline): Always up to my old tricks!


T-Rex: Want to be healthy, wealthy, and wise? Simply follow the four Fs!
T-Rex: Friendship, fitness, family, and financialsuccess!
God: THAT LAST ONE ISN'T A WORD
T-Rex: Now on to the 10 Fs!
T-Rex: Take care of friendship, fitness, family, financialsuccess, frugality, futrition, flessening salt intake, foderating alcohol intake, fiminishing stress, and fatching your blood pressure level ... and the rest will take care of itself!
T-Rex: As the old saying goes, "If it starts with an 'F'... then do what it says, Steph!"
Utahraptor: What a handy mnemonic!
T-Rex: I made it myself! It also applies to non-Stephs.
Utahraptor: So here's a question for you: while I know high blood pressure can cause your retina's blood vessels to LITERALLY SQUIRT BLOOD OVER THE INSIDES OF YOUR EYES, can isolated systolic hypertension be a cause of that?
T-Rex: Um. You are talking to a guy who gives health tips based on what words start with which letter.
T-Rex: That said...
T-Rex (punchline): ...FFFROBABLY??


T-Rex: Where do babies come from?
T-Rex: An excellent course of inquiry!
T-Rex: Solving this mystery will put to rest many of the niggling mysteries of my creation! I will finally have an "origin story"!
Utahraptor: You want to know where babies come from?
T-Rex: I do!
Utahraptor: Are you sure? It's pretty... biological.
T-Rex: Please! Fill me in!
Narrator: SHORTLY...
T-Rex (punchline): MOM did that?


T-Rex: So, I accept that I am the epitome of the male form with typical grace. But what is with my getting a sunburn?
T-Rex: Huh?
T-Rex: Clearly, my body is UNDEREVOLVED. Being able to be burnt by the sun - which, I don't have to remind you, Dromiceiomimus, shines on the Earth EVERY DAY - seems to me to be a pretty big limitation!
Dromiceiomimus: Does this mean that your body is... less than perfect?
T-Rex: My brain rejects that sentence as semantically invalid!
Utahraptor: What if there was someone exactly like you in every way, only HE didn't get sunburns?
T-Rex: Oh no!
T-Rex: I would be doomed to being a second-tier character in my own life! Nobody (even myself!) would care what I was up to, when there was someone exactly like me only he didn't get sunburns around!
Utahraptor: Well, let's be glad no such person exists then!
God: ACTUALLY I THINK THERE'S A DUDE LIKE THAT JUST DOWN THE STREET
T-Rex (punchline): Aw boo!


T-Rex: I wonder, is there an essential "feminine", one that trancends histories and cultures?
T-Rex: Similarly, could I myself be the essential "masculine"?
T-Rex: Why, I believe I could! What am I besides the real, true essence of "male-ness", the invariable and fixed properties which define masculine for now and forever?
T-Rex: I sure am great!
T-Rex: Truly, I am the epitome of the male form!
Utahraptor: I disagree!
Utahraptor: I think it's pretty clear, T-Rex, that I am the epitome of the male form.
Utahraptor: And you'd better call a plumber, because these pipes are going to burst!
T-Rex: "Pipes" means "muscles", right?
T-Rex: That's slang, right?
T-Rex (punchline): Slang of today's youth culture?


T-Rex: Time for a funny joke, everyone! Alright? Alright.
T-Rex: Okay, so this man gets into a car accident and wraps his car around a telephone pole!
T-Rex: And there's this passer-by who is, um, passing by, and he happens to see it. He rushes over to the crumpled car and says "Oh my God, are you okay??" and the guy says "Well, I get by!"
Dromiceiomimus: ... I don't get it.
T-Rex: The driver misunderstands the question; he thinks it's about whether or not he makes enough money to "get by" in today's difficult world!
Utahraptor: But nobody says "Oh my God, are you okay??" to mean "Oh my God, do you have a sufficient salary??"
T-Rex: Sure they do!
Utahraptor: No they don't! They lock eyes with you and say "Are you doing alright?" with a hand on your shoulder or something. Honestly, this joke seems like it could have been funny at some point, but you telephone gamed it in your head and it doesn't make sense anymore.
Narrator: EARLIER:
Off panel: So he rushes over and puts a hand on the guy's shoulder and says "Oh my God, are you okay? Are you doing alright?" and the guy says "I make a comfortable living!"
T-Rex (punchline): Hah! I think I get it! Listen, I'm gonna BASICALLY commit parts of this joke to memory.


T-Rex: While riding my bike yesterday and making a TOTALLY LEGAL move from the side of the road into traffic so that I could make a left-hand turn, this car dude honked at me!
T-Rex: So I flipped him off. It was BICYCLE ROAD RAGE!
T-Rex: It was insane. I never get road rage, bicycle or otherwise, and I never flip anyone off! But here I was being all that I hate! I flipped him off without even looking behind, and THEN, after I flipped him off he honked at me again, two little ones, and I flipped him off again, two little ones. Then I turned left and got away!
Dromiceiomimus: Are you sure he was honking at you?
T-Rex: I am certain of it!
Utahraptor: But how are you sure he meant anything aggressive by it?
T-Rex: What else could he have meant?
Utahraptor: Well most cars have one horn that only makes one tone, right? So the only paths for sentiment encoding are honk duration and count. Maybe one honk from that guy means "Hey sexy!!" and two short honks means "Wait a minute! You're not so sexy!!"
T-Rex: Huh!
Narrator: A FEW WEEKS LATER, T-REX GETS HONKED AT AGAIN:
T-Rex: Excuse me, everyone? You saw what just happened! What do you think that driver meant to convey?
Off panel: That you're a very handsome, clever and successful young man!
T-Rex (punchline): MOM, I was asking the OTHER pedestrians


Narrator: EPIPHANY COMICS
T-Rex: Friends are good things to have! They can help you out when you are sad (a psychological benefit), and can lend you money if you need it (an economic benefit)!
T-Rex: It is these positive benefits of having friends that concern me!
T-Rex: I'm pretty sure I like my friends because of the people they are, but what if I'm just kidding myself? What if I really just like them because they're an economic cushion - someone to bail me out, even literally, if I get into trouble?
Dromiceiomimus: Well - I mean, you'd do the same thing for us, T-Rex.
T-Rex: Exactly! We hedge our bets by having friends!
Utahraptor: There are friendships that go beyond this shared benefit, T-Rex!
T-Rex: How so?
Utahraptor: Okay - what about "best friends forever", the people in your life who you'll know will stand by you no matter what?
T-Rex: They are even MORE of an economic benefit! They are get out of jail free cards, people who you can rely on in any situation.
T-Rex: Wait!! My problem's that I'm seeing any positive effect of friendship as income, and thus everyone involved in one as compromised in a conflict of interest. I would only be happy if having friends was awful!
T-Rex (punchline): Thanks, rare and brilliant moments of perfect self-awareness!


T-Rex: I'm just so happy that I have a new friend who is a tiny elephant. Oh my goodness, I can't say how happy that makes me. To think of all these years I was looking for happiness in RELATIONSHIPS and SOCIETY when all that I wanted...
T-Rex: ...was a tiny elephant friend named Mr. Tusks!
T-Rex: Sometimes, Dromiceiomimus, in his official capacity of Vice-Mayor of Tiny Towne Island, Mr. Tusks wears a tiny bowler hat. HOW IS THAT NOT ADORABLE. OH MY GOODNESS.
Dromiceiomimus: Tiny Towne Island? I thought he just came from Tiny Towne.
T-Rex: The Towne takes up most of the island, so they share the same name! His mailing address: ULTIMATELY ADORABLE. I love my little elephant friend!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, aren't you being - ah, kind of racist?
T-Rex: What? How?
Utahraptor: It's just - every time you mention that you love Mr. Tusks, you mention that he's a tiny elephant. You treat his tiny elephant status as if it sums up his entire personality!
T-Rex: Utahraptor, you're right! I need to apologize to him right away.
Narrator: TINY TOWNE ISLAND:
Off panel: [small] I'm sorry, but the vice mayor is out on a SMALL errand. Would you like to leave a message?
T-Rex: Hah! Will he be back SHORTLY?
T-Rex (punchline): Good ol' Mr. Tusks!


Off panel: T-Rex, help us cut down this tree!
T-Rex: Of course! I'd be happy to lend my expertise.
God: T-REX YOU HAVE ZERO TREE CUTTING EXPERTISE
T-Rex: Quiet, you!
T-Rex: Now, when it comes to cutting down a tree, the first thing you need to know is, how long is your saw? Different trees take different saws. That sounds reasonable so you can easily assume it's true.
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex
Dromiceiomimus: If you're talking to the folks behind me please address them directly rather than shouting over me
T-Rex: The second thing to know is, what ARE trees? Webster's -
Utahraptor: They're gone, man!
T-Rex: THANK GOODNESS. I was in way over my head! It turns out that there are many things in this world we call "the world", and I don't know about most of 'em.
Utahraptor: Well, at least you know THAT now!
T-Rex: Yes! I've made personal progress today!
Off panel: Also, you'll want to cut a notch on the falling side at about a 60 degree angle to about one fifth of the tree's diameter, and -
T-Rex: Utahraptor, please!
T-Rex (punchline): I've ALREADY made personal progress for today and you know I prefer to pace myself, THANKS


T-Rex: Trying to start a business? Have you considered taking an existing business and adding a little phrase like, oh I don't know...
T-Rex: ..."FOR DOGS"??
T-Rex: Hotel... FOR DOGS! Pool and spa... FOR DOGS! I would patronize either of these fine establishments with my dog, NO QUESTIONS ASKED.
T-Rex: Chefs for dogs! Haircuts for dogs! Getting your nails did for dogs! THEY ALL WORK.
Utahraptor: Forensic accounting for dogs doesn't seem to have much demand, T-Rex.
T-Rex: Okay, but -
Utahraptor: Neither does air tunnel simulation for dogs, environmental artist for dogs, or middleware programmer for dogs. I think it's time we ALL admit that dogs have a narrow set of interests limited to food, sleep, having fun, and THAT'S ABOUT IT, and that this idea is bad AND WE SHOULD ALL FORGET IT RIGHT AWAY.
Narrator: LATER:
T-Rex: Hey, remember that bad idea I had?
Off panel: Nope!
T-Rex (punchline): ON THE ADVICE OF MY BEST FRIEND WHO I APPRECIATE GIVING ME SOME REAL TALK: ME NEITHER


Narrator: I KNOW IT WAS YOU WHO FARTED
Narrator: a web card
T-Rex: oh my god
T-Rex: oh my god
T-Rex: i can taste it
T-Rex: i think it's like - discolouring my skin
T-Rex: i'm not even joking
Utahraptor: Hey what's up?
[no text]
Narrator: ANYWAY YEAH THAT'S BASICALLY HOW IT WENT DOWN
Narrator: ENJOY THE WEB CARD, SMELLY
Narrator (punchline): AND MAYBE SEE A DOCTOR; THERE ARE THINGS THAT ARE WRONG INSIDE YOU


T-Rex: They say the best authors write what they know! NOT A PROBLEM. I know all sorts of things!
T-Rex: ...except who "they" are in any precise way but oh well!!
T-Rex: OBSERVE: "The writer, me, was sexy. I look to the left: a mirror. I'm in it. Still crazy hot, obvs. I look ahead and see the words I'm writing: 'The writer, me, was sexy.'".
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, have you considered other hobbies? Perhaps those that don't need your friends as a test audience?
Dromiceiomimus: Because I was just wondering if you've considered other hobbies that don't need your friends as a test audience
Utahraptor: Don't write about what you're doing! Write about things you EXPERIENCED. Universal themes, you know?
T-Rex: Such as?
Utahraptor: Falling in love, that sort of thing!
T-Rex: Pfft, LOVE. There are precisely infinity zillion stories about love. The world wants something new, not ANOTHER story about two chuckleheads who don't like each other but then later on, GUESS WHAT SURPRISE they do!
Narrator: LATER, REVIEWS OF T-REX'S BOOK SAY IT'S TERRIBLE:
T-Rex: Huh! I guess that's what I get for being born on a planet where EVERYONE ELSE IS 100% WRONG 100% OF THE TIME??
T-Rex (punchline): FRIGGIN' EARTH, AM I RIGHT


T-Rex: I met a guy with the world's most annoying voice! It was like it was genetically engineered BY GOD HIMSELF to make me go from "zero" to "an almost zenlike state of pure annoyance and dislike!" in a split second!!
T-Rex: It was honestly kind of... impressive??
Dromiceiomimus: Was it what he was saying, or just his voice itself?
T-Rex: Just the voice! I swear, this guy could be professing his admiration for my grace and charm and I'd still be annoyed. I'd never felt such an instant dislike for any voice before!
T-Rex: It - it was like seeing a new COLOUR, Dromiceiomimus.
T-Rex: Only the colour was REAL ANNOYING??
Utahraptor: Poor guy!
T-Rex: Right? He must KNOW, right? But what if his voice isn't the most annoying to OTHERS, but only to me? What if there's such a thing as soulmates, and there's such a thing as opposite soulmates, and he's mine: we're two people who find absolutely every detail about the other person irritating??
Off panel: And to think, of all the people in the world, you and him found each other.
T-Rex: *sigh*
T-Rex (punchline): It's so annoying of him to do something like that


T-Rex: When I die, nobody say "He's at peace now", okay? I'm so serious right now.
T-Rex: Say something better, like "I can't believe he ate the whole thing!"
Dromiceiomimus: What's wrong with "He's at peace"? It's nice.
T-Rex: It's demeaning! It suggests that the whole point of life is to be at peace, like it's this goal that we should all achieve, and I'M kind of a screw up but at least I achieved it by dying! It's like telling the kids who came in last in a three-legged race that the REAL goal was just to finish.
Utahraptor: I think it's supposed to be taken in a "his suffering is over" sort of way.
T-Rex: Oh. Well. That makes more sense.
T-Rex: Did you at least like my comparison of life to a three-legged race?
Utahraptor: It was a little confusing! You need a partner for a three legged race, but you can easily go through life profoundly alone.
T-Rex: Wow. That's - that's true.
T-Rex: *sigh*
Narrator: LATER:
Off panel: [small] Hullo T-Rex! Can I ask you a question? It won't take a minute.
T-Rex (punchline): Oh, Mr. Tusks! Your delightful minute (as in time) and minute (as in tiny) pun has cheered me right up!!


T-Rex: Time to make some Life Decisions, set some Life Goals!
T-Rex: That's right, ladies! I am going to be a dude with direction!
T-Rex: But this isn't just a ploy to seem more comely to members of the attractive sex! I really feel like I need a goal to work towards, something that I want to achieve. In the past I've always just gone with the flow!
T-Rex: Go to school, okay, then university, okay, then get a job -
Utahraptor: And then?
T-Rex: And then... work at that job or at better jobs as they come along, until I get married and later on die! THE END.
Utahraptor: And you're hoping to avoid this by having Life Goals?
T-Rex: Yep! Somehow!
Narrator: T-REX'S LIFE GOALS:
T-Rex: Get big and smart?
T-Rex: Eat my weight in chocolate?
T-Rex (punchline): Learn how to fly rockets or something?


T-Rex: Hello! You need to fall in love.
Narrator: TIME TO FALL IN LOVE, EVERYONE
Narrator: what is the hold up
T-Rex: Everybody needs to fall in love! To fall in love is to value another person's happiness above your own, to want to be with them and make your lives together the best they could possibly be. Are you saying you would not like to love and be loved? Of course you would. Your partner is out there looking for you. You should probably get on this.
Utahraptor: Whoah, not everyone needs to fall in love!
T-Rex: You are diluting our message here, UTAHRAPTOR.
Utahraptor: I'm serious! People get so hung up on finding "the one" that they forget everything else. You can have an entirely rewarding life without being "so madly in love" with someone! Close friendships and a private room can offer most of the things love does.
T-Rex: A private room? Oh man, were you just namedropping M.C. MASTURBATION?
Off panel: You can stop calling it that anytime, T-Rex.
T-Rex (punchline): [narrates] How had we gone from love to masturbation so quickly? Had this question been asked before?


T-Rex: I was down at the beach last week and there were all these adorable little hermit crabs running around! They were so cute that I scooped up a bunch and brought them home!
T-Rex: They were my new pets!
T-Rex: But then after a while I got tired of my new pets so I gobbled them up!
T-Rex: Tra la la!
Utahraptor: You didn't really eat them, did you?!
T-Rex: I gobbled them up!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, they're hermit crabs! HERMIT crabs! They live in whatever vessel they can find, and if you eat them, they'll take over your body as their new home!!
T-Rex's stomach (punchline): NO WE DIDN'T


T-Rex: ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooosssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss! Gross.
Narrator: T-REX HAS JUST FOUND SOME ROTTEN FOOD IN HIS FRIDGE COMICS
T-Rex: Gross!
T-Rex: As I'm attempting to convey, Dromiceiomimus, it was awfully gross! Why can't food get more delicious as it gets older? Why does everything have to turn to a brown mush whenever I forget about it?
Dromiceiomimus: Because of the second law of thermodynamics?
T-Rex: There isn't a first, second, third OR zeroth law of thermodynamics that I haven't broken!
Utahraptor: I find that literally impossible to believe!
T-Rex: My friend: allow me to prove it to you!
Narrator: LATER:
Utahraptor: T-Rex, you've proven nothing. All we've done is tour around the places you used to hang out as a kid.
T-Rex: I'm sorry for the deception, but my tour sounds way boring before you actually go on it!
Utahraptor: It WAS a great way to get to know you better!
Narrator: T-REX AND UTAHRAPTOR REMAINED GOOD FRIENDS
Narrator: T-REX'S FRIDGE GOT GROSSER AND EVENTUALLY HE THREW IT OUT AND BOUGHT A NEW ONE
Narrator: IT WAS A TERRIBLE THING TO DO
Narrator (punchline): THE END


T-Rex: Remember when everyone was disappointed with hippies, because when they grew up and got positions of power they didn't usher in a new era of universal love and peace, MUCH LESS A FULL AGE OF AQUARIUS, and things are still bad?
T-Rex: WELL GUESS WHAT? LOOKS LIKE WE MESSED UP TOO!!
T-Rex: People in our generation are getting power now, and what have we changed? I'll tell you what we've changed: we've brought back all the TV shows we enjoyed when we were younger. IS THIS REALLY GOING TO BE OUR LEGACY?? "Samurai Pizza Cats, but not as good"? "Murphy Brown, but now she works for a website"? "SEINFELD, BUT NOW JERRY GET IPAD"?
Utahraptor: That last one sounds AMAZING.
T-Rex: Okay, yes, obviously it is.
T-Rex: But the others! It's just you hope your generation will be the ones to really fix the world, you know? And then your people start getting power and nobody's overthrowing nothin'. We're just - bringing back OLD CARTOONS. And not even "The Real Ghostbusters", which was THE BEST and which I already have my own modern casting fo--
T-Rex: --oh dang it; I'm part of the problem too.
T-Rex: *sigh*
T-Rex (punchline): And the worst part is, I have no idea who I'm gonna call


