01234567890123456789ttttttttttttooooooooooeeeeeeeeaaaaaaallllllnnnnnnuuuuuuiiiiisssssdddddhhhhhyyyyyIIrrrfffbbwwkcmvg:,!!
---
I had designed a new kind of puzzle to solve this and then the inventor of telepathy friggin' stole it from me, so I'm really mad now!!
I invented an awesome way to encode scientific discoveries: then I discovered someone had already stolen it from me!!
I designed a new kind of code for science to use: I just hope no one steals it from me before I get to use it!!
I managed to invent a new idea that's super elegant: then I added a bunch of words, so the chances of someone stealing it from me are low!!
I came up with an awesome fundamental idea: it's got a ton of extra words in it, so I think there's no chance of anyone stealing it!!
I always worry about people stealing my best jokes: I think the only defense is to make them really long!!
I am afraid of people stealing fundamental jokes: I just keep adding words, so the chance of anyone guessing one of them is low!!
I can invent and encode a hundred fundamental theories to make up for it: they're all about butts, which is even better somehow!!
I will discover fundamental truths: I will find ones so radical, you will wish I had encoded them better!!
I encoded the theory of gravity as a crossword: I haven't had anyone try to steal it from me yet, but you never know!!
I never have anyone try to steal my fundamental theories: it's probably because I invented them by writing random words down!!
I go around decoding random letters I run into: I haven't found any great discoveries yet, but it'll probably happen any day now!!
I try to find hidden messages in everything people say in case they contain great ideas: nothing so far, but I'll let you know!!
I tried creating fundamental theories to do this with: it turns out I discovered absolute garbage, so bad that it was against the law!!
I think the problem is that now they could just hash their discoveries: I bet there's more romance in methods that are slow!!
I have nearly figured out a new way of encoding fundamental ideas: the only trouble is I don't have any way to tell everyone I know!!
I nearly figured out the details for a new way to encode your secret discoveries: the problem is I don't know how to claim it now!!
I can't blame them: it didn't work for math, so I bet they switched to just having boring ideas instead now!!
I think that when they saw it didn't work they just gave up: they have boring theories no one will ever steal now!!
I guess it didn't work out very well for math: I still think they should try again, but with truth and beauty!!
I guess the lesson here is that your friends will steal your ideas anyways: you might as well have fun letting them know!!
I suppose I have learned that your pals are gonna steal your ideas no matter what: you should just have fun letting them know!!
I figure your chums will steal your theories anyways: I think you should just have a good time writing them down!!
I think we need to get back at the scientists: I will encode all their notes, and then they'll never be so boring again!!
I want to punish scientists for being so boring: I have invented a great way to do this, but it's too mean anyhow!!
I think scientists are a bunch of chumps for not playing this game: I will make sure they regret not encoding everything they know!!
I think philosophers should do this with their theories of truth and beauty: I bet it would help breathe life into their frankly flagging field!!
I bet that you could do this for truth and beauty: I think philosophy is boring, and needs some excitement to jazz it up!!
I know what to do: I can just write down a bunch of gibberish, and people will assume my fundamental theories are beyond anything they know!!
I know: I can just come up with a brilliant new idea, and then I'll be able to solve two problems at once!!
I got it: I will come up with some great fundamental theories, and then I will be super cool and have something to encode!!
I tried being a scientist: it turns out that that's super hard, so my dreams of fixing this are super over now!!
I tried inventing some science facts: I found out that it's really hard, so I will just encode my random thoughts!!
I think my pals are secretly inventing theories about how awesome I am: I just need to figure out how to decode their messages!!
I think this is because scientists aren't afraid of people stealing their secrets anymore: I'm going to break into their houses and solve that problem!!
I'm going to send people letters full of gibberish: I will restore a sense of mystery here, or die trying!!
I can fix that: all I need is for them to send over their fundamental theories, and I'll encode them as a word search!!
I think I can solve this: all I need is some new fundamental theories, and then I will look so mysterious and cool!!
I can make it all better: I will prove a new kind of theorem about sending secret messages, and use that on itself!!
I will make them all look like chumps when I unveil my latest fundamental theories: I proved that they are super boring!!
I bet if you did that today I could just figure out their discoveries: I would be a super-scientist now!!
I wish I had been born a few hundred years ago: I could find so many fundamental theories, just by decoding them!!
I think I should have been born a few hundred years ago: back when I could just decode my way into being a scientist!!
I only wish I had been alive back then and could've decoded their discoveries: then I'd be a famous scientist!!
I think the saddest part is that I totally could have figured out some new math theories: I just needed a reason to encode them!!